Nice new Mexican spot in the burgh. We are lacking great Mexican so Bakersfield, although a chain, is a nice addition to downtown. Prices are very reasonable and kitchen is always quick. Their house made guacamole was the highlight of the meal. So fresh and chunky with tons of lime and came out chilled (yet knew it was being MTO as it was late and our waiter informed us it would take longer than usual). Vegan options are very limited, with only one taco that's essentially black bean spread and guacamole. Lacking the vegetarian\/vegan options. However I've heard great reviews on all the various tacos, all of which come loaded with toppings. It's a single taco per order and they are on the small side, so be mindful of that. Fun ambiance. Draws quite the night scene so be expected for crowds on the weekends.
I was REALLY looking forward to going to Rooster's.  I had checked out the menu on the restaurant's webpage, and it looked great.  I read the reviews from other Yelpers, which made me hopeful.  Unfortunately, the dining experience I had with my girlfriend last week was simply dreadful.  

We ordered the fried green tomato appetizer, and it was truly ordinary.  The tomatoes were breaded too heavily, and there wasn't anything particularly flavorful on the plate.  For dinner, we ordered the flatiron steak, the half chicken, green beans, and cauliflower.  The meats were just dreadful.  The steak was undercooked, and it was served cold.  The chicken was warm when it was brought to the table, but it was so bland that it was not worth eating.  Candidly, a rotisserie chicken from the Fresh Market is much, much better than the chicken they served us here.  The vegetables weren't memorable in any way.  The beans were luke warm and a bit oily.  The cauliflower's sauce\/flavoring was simply not enough to make it enjoyable.  We skipped dessert, for there seemed to be no point in prolonging the evening.  

While our waitress was quite good, the bartender we encountered inside the restaurant was clearly working in the wrong area of the restaurant.  When we asked him about some of the wines that they offer by the glass he told us "I don't drink wine".  Really?  Then why in the world are you working the bar?  I found that to be a total turn-off. 

I am really sad that Rooster's seems to have such terrible food.  The inside of the restaurant is really neat, and the staff (with the exception of our bartender) was friendly and competent.  We won't be returning.
Service was excruciatingly slow. It took three times longer because the waitress said the "grilled" chicken started frozen. Then they overcooked it and it was super dry. 

The manager never came to check on us or apologize for the super slow service.

Kids menu says "drinks included", but I was charged for the kids drinks. The waitress said its because the kids menu is for 10 and younger, but why didn't the menu or the waitress explain this detail when we ordered the kids drinks. The old bait and switch. 

I've been coming to Serranos for many years and tonight was our last visit.
This has been our staple Mediterranean cuisine for years. New ownership, even better than before, with more consistency and the same fresh food. You must try the baba ghanouj!
It's unfortunate that such a talented stylist has such a bad attitude. I have been going to her for a while now For silk wraps on my natural hair and to be honest she does great hair but I don't care how good of a stylist you are I will not tolerate disrespect from NO ONE. I had one incident with her previously that was a misunderstanding about scheduling and she acted in a very unprofessional manner. I gave her a past and decided to keep her as my stylist simply because finding a good stylist is tough. I already had her and didn't want to go through the process of finding another. So moving forward - today I had an appointment with her for a scalp exfoliating. The first time she performed this service on my hair, she did a blowout as well because I dont like wearing my hair curly - it's super thick and tangles very easily making it hard for me to manage. So today I was assuming that is what I booked as well follow me. So today, that is what I was expecting to be done to my hair as well. 

 So she did the deep scalp exfoliating and then was gonna put my hair in a ponytail, as a natural hairstyle with my curls. I told her I wanted her to blow it out like she did the last time. She goes on to explain that it is not what I booked BUT mind you the first time I booked the exfoliating it came with the blow out. She was also behind schedule today because she texted me before my appointment and asked me if I can come later (which she does frequently by the way). So, I am assuming that she did not want to blow it out because she didn't have the time to and was trying to rush me out of her chair, but she was saying that it was not part of the service and saying she told me that before. I could see her getting impatient as she tells me she told me that last time. This is when she switched up because I'm like no you didn't tell me anything. 

She says she did it last time as a favor. I'm like ok well thanks but how was I suppose to know that. It does not say it on her website and she did not tell me that the Deep scalp exfoliating does not come with a blow out. She arguing with me that she did it and it wasn't part of the service. That wasn't the problem the problem was because I asked a question and told her that she didn't make that clear - she got upset and switched up quickly. The point is I did not know that I had to add it on because on the website it does not say you have to add a blow out on when you get your hair washed. I would have paid the $ - I don't have a problem with that. But don't get mad and start tripping because you weren't clear. 

So I end up not getting what I wanted done to my hair. No biggie. But when she starts getting loud and defensive and rude that is when the problem came. She said because of the integrity of her work that she didn't  want to blow out my hair with a scalp exfoliating because it will damage my hair. So I'm like well if it's due to your integrity why did you blow it out the first time I got the scalp exfoliated? She's not making any sense at this point. I'm a woman of logic and clarity so don't tell me one thing and think I'm just going to sit there and let you try to get over on me and I'm not gonna say anything. Especially when your paying for a service you don't cheat anyone out of their money. Period. She tried to kick me out her booth\/room without my hair even being done. She did not even finish my hair. I literally had to brush it myself and put it in two braids before I left. She was talking about she'll do it after I told her  I'm not leaving until I brush my hair. But at this point why would I want you to put your hands in my head. No thank you honey.  She telling me I'm yelling in her shop which mind you - she is yelling and won't listen to what I was trying to ask her so of course my tone was a bit loud as to try to speak over her. She is unprofessional and not humble at all. Talking about she will call security. Really? For what because your client asked you a question about you trying to jip me out of my money and not finish my hairstyle and I asked her about that? Hmm.  I challenged her due to what she was trying to tell me because she was trying to tell me that she explained that to me before, which she did not.So I'm sitting there - hair not finish - she arguing with me - another client is in there. She left me sitting there while she started the other clients hair. She couldn't admit to the fact that her website was not clear and neither was she - she got upset and got irate and was very unprofessional. I'm a grown woman and I am not the one to be arguing over a petty situation, I'd rather spend my money on someone who can treat me in a respectful manner. Who in they right mind gone sit there and initiate an argument with a client because they - themselves are wrong. Take my advice don't go to her unless you want to be treated with disrespect. There are other beauticians in the valley that can do hair and be professional.
This place is amazing! I must say that I have never had better sushi anywhere and I come from a place with great sushi selections. After having dinner here during my trip in Vegas, I wanted to eat here again the next day. Sadly, my friends decided to eat at other places. 

We ordered so many food while we were there. We just simply wanted to try everything because everything we ordered was very delicious. They are known for their sashimi so order from their specialty selection if you are there. You will not be disappointed. When I had the ocean trout (can't remember if that's the name or something else since we ordered so many dishes), my mouth was in heaven. The fish is topped with poprocks. Yes, POPROCKS!!! It definitely added a nice touch to the fish (and childhood memories of eating poprocks). 

The waitress that served us was very attentive. She recognized from our voices that we had tried to call in earlier to make reservations. All her recommendations were delicious and she provided great customer service. We ordered hot sake but were given cold sake instead. She returned and gave us a bottle of hot sake and told us the cold sake will be complimentary.

I also like that they are open to modifying our philadelphia roll with hamachi instead of salmon. Overall, I have experienced wonderful customer service and the best sushi quality here at Soho Japanese Restaurant. If the owner of Soho Japanese Restaurant is reading this review, can you please open a location in San Francisco, CA? I'm dying for your sushi. T_T

P.S. They have fresh wasabi. :)
Stop 2

Definity one of the older branches in system from the stone buidling to large red door as the door to enter. Decent spacing and probably the prefer branch of the area thou Brentwood isnt too far and much nicer branch but it has a good collection, and space to study but it was hard to find and oulet but this common with older branches they arent equiped to deal with how heavy techology dependant we are. People still read book and newspapers but their purpose has has changed
It's a great concept, but it was just kind of ok to me. My service was slower than I wanted it to be and I had to sit on the edge of my seat in order to reach the eating area in front of me. They told me that they don't have to-go cups, so you're drinking out of a standard glass if you have a non-alchoholic beverage. It was very dark and I was worried about sloshing. The movie experience was great but the dining experience was kind of uncomfortable for me. In my opinion it would have made more sense to have rows of long\/narrow tables with comfortable swivel bar chairs.
I've come to this location a couple times and arrived back at home with the order wrong.  
They're quite pricey too, so when you drive off with your order you expect them to get it right.
The burgers are okay, the fries are good, the frozen custard is pretty good too.
Most recent order was a frozen custard with brownie pieces.  My cup came out with the brownie pieces in the bottom of the container and the custard was simply filled on top of the brownie.  I thought the additions were mixed in.
I know you're not supposed to make assumptions.
Fried chicken was great, and so was the cheese buldak, came on a Friday at noon so it wasn't too busy. I would definitely come here again!
I ordered Bagel eggspectation which was mediocre and Smoked salmon eggs benedict which was just awful. We weren't asked how we wanted the eggs cooked and it just came really runny and mushy. Yolk was hardly cooked and way too runny which made the entire dish super messy. Hollandaise sauce had no flavor and tasted like yellow cream, GROSS! For something that was called Smoked salmon eggs benny, there were hardly any smoked salmon on top. It was done horribly and it lacked quality and taste. I would never order this again yet alone come back here.

I actually had longer review for this restaurant but it got removed because apparently I used content from other source.....ummm you mean my own blog? that I alone write? I don't know why restaurants can't seem to accept honest criticism and just deal with it. Not everyone will love your restaurant, there might be bad reviews time to time....just accept it!!!! I will never ever eat here again nor will I ever suggest it to anyone I know.
I usually shop here and it meets my needs quite well.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  However, my last two trips were disappointing.  When I tried to buy some items at the deli it seemed like a motor vehicle Dept bureaucracy!  Staff looked right thru me until I gave up and left.  (Yes I took a number, but the weren't running that routine)
It has been a long time since I've been to a Cornish Pasty Co... I'd mostly been to the Tempe location near ASU when I was working in that area. They have expanded a lot and the menu has many more items than in the "old days." 

While getting your food seems to take a bit longer than I remember, the quality remains high. I have never had anything here that I did not like, but I've also never had the lamb or salmon, so... 

For first timers, I'd say you can't go wrong with the Oggie, Cajun Chicken, or anything on the dessert menu, but you're best served picking something that has a filling combination that sounds good to you. They even have a whole section of vegetarian pasties now!

Can't decide on ONE that you like? The pasties come out cut in half, which makes sharing awfully easy as long as you can get a friend to split with you.

Their beer list probably has something for everyone as well.
So I was taking Jon S. and our friend James to Hot Pot but were extremely disappointed when we made the trek and saw they were closed for "vacation". Intent on carribbean food for dinner, we quickly yelped aTotC and made our way down. 

Tucked into a little shopping center, I found the bright walls and home-y feel of the place very welcoming. We had a seat and took a look at the menu. I was a little unsure since there are items such as "jerk quesadilla" and "crispy tofu" on the menu, but aTotC pens itself as a healthy caribbean restaurant, so I bought in. 

I was super excited that they had beef patties, but was a little disappointed that they weren't the "standard" beef patty I'm used to getting from Jamaica\/Florida, but they were good and flavorful nonetheless. 

I WAS SO EXCITED THAT THEY HAD 1 BOTTLE OF KOLA CHAMPAGNE LEFT! I graciously shared it with my 2 friends ;-p but seriously, that stuff is like crack. 

Jon and I ordered the oxtail, while James had the jerk chicken. The rice and peas weren't what I was used to, but they were good and went great with the oxtail. The plantains were green as she said so they were crisp and fry-like, which was different but good. 

All in all, this is definitely a place I would to come again, and the owner was very sweet and they definitely appreciate their customers. Keep in mind it's a little pricey though, a soda, patty, and entree cost me $20.
This location has gone above and beyond in customer service for me. Employees are phenomenal. 
Clean store, ample parking, great sale prices and a huge selection - and whatever you can't get on site you can order online and have shipped to your home address or pick up in store. 
Truly superior management - stop by if you're in the neighborhood.
We had amazing service even though it was really busy on Sunday night. The parmesan onion rings and fries were awesome and my husband and I had one of the best burgers we have ever had! Definitely recommend.
I got a formal dress resized and a large stack of pants hemmed for both my husband and I.   Alice is super pleasant, efficient and does the job well.   She got the job done quickly even when she's super busy during wedding season. 

She runs her operations out of her home in the basement.   It's cozy with a place to change and sit.   Her prices were reasonable -  she charged $5\/pant hemmed.   She'd also accommodate us after work and until the late evening.    Highly recommended
Service here is aweful. I got woken up and 6:45 am by kids jumping on the bed upstairs. I called the front desk twice and they said security would take care of it, but they never did. After an hour and a half of the continued jumping I packed my things and left. When checking out I was obviously irritated and the front desk attendant smiled and said, "you can leave". I will recommend to everyone I know to avoid this place.
I came in here with my 2 sons this past Sunday. Second time here. Very busy but our server made an effort to check on us. When our food was brought out one of the servers who's name I will not forget, Shay, came charging over to our table, no smile, virtually rolling his eyes, and spilled piping hot syrup all over my 11 year old. After that, he turns away and said the "f word" so loudly that I caught two other tables glancing over with their eyebrows raised. Did he apologize to me or my son? Not once. Our actual server did the most apologizing of anyone and seemed to be the only person with any general concern. The manager did very quickly come over and talk with us, but the server who did it, never even looked at us. Terrible server. You can't even tell an 11 year old you're sorry for burning him, due to delivering food being below you. Go on a Monday. Food is worth another try.
Great affordable dishes without sacrificing quality food & upscale atmosphere. There's a new specialty dish almost every visit I make. Sea food specials are particularly delicious. I hear their pasta is hand made fresh every day. There's also a full bar with specialty drinks & decent beer selection. Oggi is always my family's choice for large dinner outings. Highly recommend!
Originally we thought these guys were great when we needed repairs and a new HVAC system. Now, 3 years after they installed a new Bryant HVAC system in our rental house we are no longer happy with them. Seems like they sold us a crappy system that cost us over $5k and never even registered the product (this reduced our warranty from 10 years to 5 years). Earlier this year, we had an issue and Lewis & Sons replaced the fan or something (hard to believe we would have this kind of problem). Yesterday we were notified that the system would not provide any heat. We ended up calling someone else to take a look, found that the fan coil has multiple leaks and needs to be replaced, even though the coil is being provided (under basic warranty), labor to replace the failed part and the required Freon will cost us $1500. 

So ... they sold us a bad product they recommended; lesson learned, research the product being installed not just the installers. Bryant (Carrier) may not be the best choice.
I had a wonderful stay here this past weekend! It was conveniently located near everything we went to: TAO, TAO Beach, Surrender, XS. It may seem like it's far off the strip, but it really isn't. We usually paid around $5-$7 cabbing it to places we needed to be at. And it's right across the mall! 

We had 12 girls in a Suite on the 23rd flr. We all slept comfortably all weekend. The sofa in the sitting area has a pull out bed in it too. The two bathrooms in the suite was a definite PLUS! You can only image how hectic it would have been having 12 girls get ready with one bathroom. The bathroom in the bedroom was ginormous! There was also a full kitchen. Only thing that was a downer was that the stove took forever to heat up! 

Staff was exceptionally friendly! Shout out to JULIUS! Two nights in a row, he was able to take the girls in the Shuttle to our destination. On our last day there, we wanted to walk the strip, and they offered to take us in their house car to wherever we wanted to go. Trump International definitely has exceptional customer service! Felt like we had VIP treatment from the staff all weekend!

For three nights we paid around $700-$800 total for the suite. It's a great deal! The hotel also isn't as hectic as the other ones, where there are a lot of people roaming around, going in and out. It was very relaxing! 

I definitely recommend staying at Trump International the next time you're in Vegas!
I Really Like Panda Express, Bucause they have a Delisious Chinese Food.
My favorite breakfast spot. Love the protein pancakes! Usually get half and half (two protein pancakes and an Idaho skillet). Must try!
Saturday night and this place was empty. I didn't realize from the reviews and photos that this is basically just a sports bar. 

Frankly there wasn't enough cheese on any of our food.  But the cook on the meat was good and the flavors were creative enough to keep me happy. 

We were on the patio but went inside because the cars driving by were so loud. There was no music inside, just the TVs with sports. 

When we had called, they told us they didn't have happy hour on saturdays but when we arrived they said it was just about to end so we couldn't order any happy hour drinks. No attempt to rush an order in for us. Not to mention we would have come earlier if we knew it was an option. There was 10 bucks wasted. 

Not planning on going back.
Spent a really long time choosing photos for my 'free book', and was sent an email confirmation about it saying they'd be done in three days.  Not only did it never happen, but I tried harder to get a response from them before my free book expired and still failed.  I'd already put a lot of work in it, so next coupon I received, I went ahead and tried once I figured out I could design my own book.  Had a few issues with it not saving my work and starting over, but fine... and it ended up costing about what I'd expect anyway by the time fees and shipping was added on, and I still ordered.

Was still excited when it came, but was not impressed with the photo quality, you can see the pixels pretty clearly.  Not only that, but apparently in one of my glitches where my progress was lost, the title for the book was also lost and the default is what I have on my final copy.  You think they'd notice that and do some sort of quality check... but now we always get a good laugh when we look at it and see "Allison & Kaleb"'s wedding book X'D

Not worth the money\/time\/frustration, make your own or go elsewhere.
Finally got to try In-N-Out Burger!  I've seen people post pictures of their burgers and "Animal Style" fries, I just had to try it for myself.

My friend and I came here around 5:00pm.  The lines weren't too long and go by quickly, the place was packed with people waiting for their food and seats and tables were filled.

I ordered the Cheeseburger Combo (protein style), which came with fries and a medium drink.  I ordered my fries "Animal Style," which is fries topped with melted cheese, sautéed chopped onions and Thousand Island Dressing.  The burger was delicious; the protein\/bunless version makes it feel light and the Thousand Island Dressing adds some sweetness but complements the burger really well.  The "Animal Style" fries was just okay for me.  I would order the fries as is.  It's quite messy, so my friend and I asked for utensils.

Customer service was friendly and quick, despite the busyness.  I'll come back here if I'm ever craving for a burger. I have yet to try their milkshakes!

Some tips and notes: 
- They do protein\/bunless burgers; it's not on the menu, you just have to ask
- "Animal Style" fries is on their secret menu, as my friend has told me; mention it to the cashier and they'll know what you're talking about
- They do not have utensils in the back with the condiments and napkins; you will need to ask
- Eating the "Animal Style" fries can be messy, make sure to ask for utensils!
It satisfy my nostalgia for Brazilian food and atmosphere. Not pretension and seems to have a mostly large Brazilian community coming to this restaurant. They serve authentic Feijoada on weekend with a cold beer. Very rare.  Now I just need the sun and beach.
Drinks & appetizers review only 

Decent beer.  The pours are extremely nice here.  You can buy a pitcher of IPA for $20, or a 32 Oz for $13.  We got the pitcher.

The IPA is decent.  It's really a standard IPA.  No complaints about it.  I'd say it's on par w\/ BJ's Brewery.

TIPS:
-Located in the "4-Queens" Casino in Fremont area
-Inside is pretty old T
-There are lots of TV's inside
I work here at the hotel and wouldn't recommend this place. I've eaten here once and had drinks here a couple of times.

Typical Vegas tourist trap. Overpriced food. Which wouldn't be all bad if it was tasty, but it's not.

The place is always way to loud. If you're a young, drunk college kid you'll love this place.

If you're looking for a actual scrumptious dining experience skip this place. 

If you like loud, drunk kids and think you might like the idea of being belittled by the staff check it out.
It's difficult to submit this review without using profanity but I'll do my best. I realize that the elderly are working longer these days due to the economy but they must understand they did this to themselves. A friend and I visited this store and the elderly woman was so rude to my friend that I cancelled my order mid-sandwich. He started by asking her if they had the rotisserie chicken and she rudely said no. She started my order while he was still deciding, he asked her 3 times if they had more of the chicken breast and I never heard her answer and she mumbled what I thought was "unbelievable". I asked her what she said to him and she told him that she already answered him 3 times. That is when I cancelled. While we were walking out she told my friend he should clean his ears out. Wow! Terrible customer service. The draw to an already inferior sandwich shop is low, this drags them down even further.
Wow!! Excellent service and equally delicious food. The spiced cider was refreshing and perfect for the holidays. The shrimp & grits seemed small for the price but was packed with flavor. It had a bit of orange peel flavor that complemented the savory sauce and andouille sausage. The two shrimp were perfectly cooked and shelled all the way to the tail. My husband loved his perfectly cooked pub burger. He was overjoyed with the poutine fries. The best. Our server Arnold took care of us. This is our new favorite place. We'll be back every time we're in Vegas.
Ruelo is a high fine French patiserie with a slight Asian flair.  It is conveniently located in the heart of uptown york region at Times Square.  Upon entering the cafe, the decor is really clean and petite with a large wedding cake.  I pre-ordered the chocolate earl grey the day before via email, and the staff who called me to confirm was really friendly.  

This mousse cake looks really tasty from the picture.  I was expecting a elegant and balance tasting mousse cake with fluffy sponge layer.  I paid $30 for a five inch cake, it better be tasty.  When I picked up the cake, it looked extremely elegant with a small chocolate block and a chocolate cigar dusted with gold sparkle.  Upon cutting into the cake, the layers were really defined with chocolate mirror glaze on top, with milk chocolate mousse, chocolate sponge, earl grey bavarois.

The look was excellent, but the flavour combination just fall flat and really disappointing.  It is The sponge was not really flavourful either.  Well, maybe it is just my taste since many people think this place makes amazing desserts.  I will try something else next time and hoepfully, it will taste better.
This place is cute! I adored their sushi as did the hot, spicy beef\/veggie soup I had with kim chee (I can't remember the names of everything). Great service too.
What i liked about this hotel is firstly the staff and the management. I found the management very professional as well as the staff.
The room its self was recently updated which is a plus. 
On top of that the price point  for the hotel was  Great!

The Cons of this property is the location. It is not in a really good neighborhood sadly. But it is something that the hotel can not change.
Heiße Ware kommt von TGF! Ich weiss nicht, was das TLA in USA heisst, aber hier wurde es mit Täglich Garantiert Frisch übersetzt - und das ist nichts als die Wahrheit. Wer zum Beispiel Chilis bestellt bekommt frische, geschnittene Chilis - eine Seltenheit in der Lieferpizzabranche!


 Immer extrem lecker und innerhalb der telefonisch versprochenen Zeit vor Ort, garantiert!
great, fun family camp ground!! Reserve in advance..Clean and the management is great
Stayed in their suite and was very impressed.  Very nice hotel for reasonable price.

I liked their casino as well.  Good blackjack game (full pay 3:2 and other good rules for player) and usually they have several $5 tables (six deck and single deck).  They even offer a $10 match play coupon to guests of the hotel.

Self-parking was a little annoying; you have to keep making sure that you have a validated ticket.   The valet parking staff was great.

Location is great.  It's just one short block from Fremont Street.  It's right off  highway 515.  Very easy access to nearby highways.

Overall, if you're going to stay downtown, then I highly recommend this hotel.

My only critiques is that they need to open up some more blackjack tables, they usually only have four tables going, and they should lower the minimum bet at the double-deck game, $5 minimum would be nice for the double deck game.
Nice little burger spot in the St Henri\/Atwater hood. The burgers are cheap and delicious for the price. Beats fast food restaurants by a landslide. The waitress was great and it seems like she's been there for a long time. If you want a cool diner burger bar, can't go wrong here.
This is a very high-end \/ gourmet(almost anyway) kind of buffet in the style of the kind of buffets you'd find in Las Vegas in the casinos, there .
Very tasty decadent indulgent dishes of every kind.  Different line-ups by the night or week, I believe.  The price is high.  I think it's up to $25 .  This is at least twice what any other buffet in PGH. costs.  A bit out of the way, as well so, you really have to be a buffet person , I spose. You have to park in that parking garage and then walk to the elevator and then walk in and through the smoky casino and then over to that escalator and then into the buffet area so, it's a production to get there ... 
Go do it if you haven't   !
Great resort but service levels aren't the greatest.  Perhaps my expectations are a bit higher, bring a Las Vegas resident, but I think the staff could be a little friendlier and attentive.  Room was amazing.  Good was sub-par.
Delicious take-out chicken roti and a side of spicy potato salad. Bravo. The space itself could use a little love.
First timer here and I loooveddd it. They have a wide selection of Pastas, and you get a generous portion of meat\/seafood in it. Service was on point - credit to the waiters here that memorize the specials in detail. The portions you get for the price is worth, and the quality is fantastic. It's quite loud here (at least on a Saturday) so might not be a good place for a serious conversation, but this is now the best pasta place on my list!
Cafe has totally changed and service has gotten soooooo slow. I dont know why it takes so long for your food to come out. Breakfast was ok though.
Stellar!  Good location to Union Station and the Express Train that takes you too and from the airport.  Very clean!  The Concierge level for Platinum members if awesome and so are the staff members that work there.   Special thanks to:    Priscilla who was the first person I met when I checked in who made a great first impression.  Also, thanks to the Concierge staff and to the entire Guest Services staff who made my Birthday on April 25th extra special.  I did not get to Niagra Falls due to the weather and no short tours, but will come back when it warms up.  Thanks everyone!
Ah, "Old Reliable," as I like to call it. Whenever my husband and I have been to a string of new places that just don't meet a high standard, there's always Fat Heads. 
Consistently keeping their tap selection updated and rotated, and supplying their customer with ample choices for eats, Fat Heads has one of the best atmospheres for the foodie. We've been regulars at this location for 15 years. 
I've never been served by a waiter or waitress who didn't know the full menu or draft list. Service is ALWAYS timely, and the staff is hilarious - real people. 
I call this the best burger in town, cooked to preference, and daunting in size. If you do get a burger, it will come with a side of fries. Order the honey mustard on the side! It's got a kick! 
I am sad that they don't do the Wall of Fame anymore, but it's only because the customer base got too big! Way to go, Fat Heads!
If you are in the market for stationary or custom invitations this is the place... recently I had to get some invitations made for an engagement party I was hosting.  Being none artistic and a guy I was pretty intimidated... but Lydia was a great help... she understood what I was looking for and was able to get in and out in about 20 minutes and send me a proof within 48 hours.  Great customer service... but you also pay for it.
Nodo is my home away from home. At some point it became about a lot more than the food, which is great to start with. Staff, modern Italian food, drinks, atmosphere - everything is top notch. I couldn't recommend it more.
This is really a spectacular coffee shop.  It's unassuming, yet steeped in coffee lore.  Today, for example, I had a lovely Square Mile roast Red Brick espresso, followed by a Has Bean coffee roast Honduras Finca Santa.  

These folk love coffee, and making good coffee.  They love you loving coffee even more.  While sipping and tasting I learned a little more about crema, about coffee settling a little after a roast, and a little more about single origin coffees.

They're just as happy for me to walk in and say "flat white please" as they are "what special coffee do you have in your middle grinder today?".   Love it.
Our server was both friendly and knowledgeable about gluten free options on the menu! We went for breakfast, and I was pleasantly surprised when I was told that almost every item could be modified to be gluten free - instead of having to pick from a few sparse items. 

I had the eggs Benedict on gluten free toast with a refreshing glass of orange juice! My gluten eating family raved about the cheesy breakfast potato cake as well!

I would definitely recommend this spot and come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Arpa's OK. It's a little over-done as far as the artwork and set-up of the place; it's not the most comfortable place and can get pretty crowded and loud with banker types. But it's a big space, so it can house larger groups and parties, which is nice. I went there recently with about 12 people, and we got a nice big circular table, which worked out great. 

The food at Arpa is actually pretty good, although I can't say I was all that into the portion sizes (then again, i never am at Tapas places). You're paying a lot, it seems, for not a lot of food, but like I said, that might not be specific to Arpa. 

Arpa does have a great selection of wines (all types) and some good drinks, too, and it definitely seemed like a hotspot as far as post-work drinks\/early evening partying. 

I ordered a special tasting menu, which was pretty good. Four different wines paired with 4 small dishes, so you really get, well, a taste for what the restaurant offers. I plan on going back in the future to check it more in-depth.
We had our sliding glass door broken and we needed emergency repairs especially with 2 toddlers in the house. Talked with Gina and she set us up for the same day emergency repair she  and was so nice and pleasant and told us the tech would be out by 7pm (the glass got broke at 3pm). Got a call from the tech Greg letting me know he was heading out of the shop but just gave me a heads up that he would be fighting rush hour traffic but he would try to be here by 7. I got a call about 6:40 and it was Greg just letting me know he was still in traffic but he would be here shortly.  I was just very impressed that he would call to give updates. It seems like most places give you a 4 hour window and the tech will show up late or not at all and will just leave you hanging but definitely not the case here. Greg was a delight to work with and he had a great sense of humor (you can learn a lot from YouTube videos). From start to finish this company was a delight to work with. I would highly recommend them for any of your glass repair needs. Thank you for the great service!
In terms of having lots of chocolate varieties and being a fun store to explore, I'd give it 5 stars. I had a lot of fun exploring this store. The prices are a bit too much, especially when I can get some of the same brands at World Market for less, so I'd knock my rating to 4 stars. I ended up buying several of the small sample sizes so as to be able to try more for my money.

However, one of the employees was so rude that I'm going with 3 stars. This particular worker walked around with a scowl on her face-not sure why, how can you be that upset while working in such a neat place? Later she was sitting on the ground trying to move some box under a cabinet and loudly saying "excuse me" repeatedly to a customer standing by the cabinet who was unaware of the employee on the ground. When the customer finally realized she was the one being spoken to she apologized, but this said employee just moved the box and walked away. 

My husband and I were visiting from out of state and I was exploring the area during his job interview. Since he wasn't able to be there with me I wanted to take a picture to show him this store. I also wanted to send it to a friend who is moving to the area soon. I had already made my purchase and was standing by the front door with my camera. This same employee yelled rather rudely from the back of the store that no pictures were allowed. Maybe people have stolen their business idea based on pictures taken of their store. I didn't realize it was such a secretive place. I had walked into the store so excited and walked out with a negative feeling. 

Thankfully the other two older woman working were very helpful and polite.
Since I am new to the Spring Valley area and want to establish a nail salon, I thought I would give Elaine's Nails & Reflexology a shot. I  so happy to have given this place a shot because this place is amazing!! All of the staff members are friendly and courteous! A lovely lady by the name of Annie was my nail tech and I was so nice to have met her!! Annie is not only kind but she is very talented!! I will defiantly be coming back to see Annie and strongly recommend her!!
This is a new place that just opened near or home. After work one day my boyfriend and I decided to stop by for dinner on a whim. Nice ambience. A bit too quiet for my liking. Ordered the burger with upgraded duck fat garlic fries and the mussels with French fries. Food was good. Service was good. The have frog legs and escargot on the menu, If that's your thing.
We got tickets through House Seats. If it weren't for House Seats, I probably never would have heard of or seen this show.

We weren't quite sure what to expect. I knew it was some kind of martial arts demonstration, but that's about all I knew.

As it turned out, the show was more of a comedic dance show with a strong martial arts influence. 

My favorite was a skit with a meditation instructor and an unruly student. The student kept interrupting the instructor and mini-fights ensued. It was pretty amusing.

My wife's favorite was the Karate Kid sequence. There is a funny twist to the story line that plays well against the song "Glory of Love."

We both enjoyed ourselves. While it's not the highest caliber show on the strip, it was a good time. It's a family friendly show and one I would recommend to families visiting on a budget.
I was referred to Absolute Dental Cheyenne for an Implant on tooth #30. The Implant was installed by Dr. Christine Navales who did a thourogh exam on me beforehand to make sure I was a good candidate for an Implant. I signed off on the procedure after talking in depth to Dr. Navales. The procedure took about an hour and was done under a local anesthetic. It was painless and even after the lidocaine wore off later, I experienced no pain whatsoever. Dr. Navales will be my Dentist for any future dental work going forward due to her professionalism and pleasant demeanor. When I was there, the office was being updated and work was being done to upgrade the facility. Absolute Dental is now under new ownership, so some of those previous reviews of the run down facilities is being addressed and will now provide patients with a far superior experience for their upcoming dental visits.
Excellent! Love the huge selection. We recently had the ensure of purchasing a gluten free cake, it was the most moist and flavourful cake we shave all ever had!
My friends were hesitant, due to it being gluten free; they were automatically turned off by the idea and were not interested to try! Between the 4 of us we nearly finished it and could have had more! 
Very very good stuff!
Will be back!
Dropped by for a pizza and dessert. The pizza was a Hawaiian with drizzled yogurt. The pizza texture and taste is like thin crust version of Pizza Hut. Quite tasty, probably unhealthy, but a lot less oil and flour than Pizza hut.

Strawberry sundae was good, but absolutely nothing surprising about it. Pretty expensive at 8 dollars.

They played good music, which is important because it's relatively loud. Appropriately, because it's a bar, but not so loud that it was difficult to talk. On a Sunday afternoon we heard: Fleetwood Mac, Eric Clapton, Bill Withers, etc. Much better than I expected.

Lots of good TVs. It might be a good place to watch The Game, but I don't know if they put the sound on.
My husband and I LOVE CFMod! We go 3x a week and I have never touched a bar before in my life and after 2 months there we have lost weight and gotten stronger. With the amazing coaches, I am doing things I never thought I could before! Thank you CFMod!
A solid community diner. A friend sold me on this place with two words - "big portions". We had just completed a trail race at the Kortright Conservation Centre and were ready for a big meal.

The diner has a retro vibe all throughout the restaurant, with old street signs and posters hanging on the walls. Waiter service is provided, but it looked like there was a menu up front for ordering takeout as well.

I ended up ordering steak and eggs ($12) from their "Totally Not-Vegetarian" menu. This came with a 7oz striploin steak, 3 eggs, home fries, and a couple slices of fruit.

Home fries were very good, nicely seasoned and crisp. Their eggs were a soild over-medium and the steak was cooked to a decent medium-rare.

Service was decent enough.

This is by no means a place you travel to visit, but if you're in the area, its got great breakfast food at reasonable prices. There's always a place for a solid community diner.
Blue Moon you saw me standing alone

Without a drink in my hand

Without a mug of my own



Blue Moon you knew just what I would care for

You had a brew I would dare for

Four ales I fell off my chair for



And then suddenly the check appeared before me

The one I wasn't prepared for

I heard someone whisper 'I'll drive"

And when I looked the moon had turned to amber



Blue Moon now I'm relaxed after my stressful week

With good times with some friends

With some brews of my own








Maybe drunk yelping is not a good idea............
Shady part of town. 

Sure, you can look up at the light show while someone lifts your wallet....

The zip line seemed cool. But it seems sad that they need to add something like this to get people to come down here. Plus, you have to pay for parking....in a desert? No good.
Love this place!!! Awesome burritos with the naked burrito option (salad bowl).  Protein choices everything from chicken and beef to shrimp, calamari and halibut. Lots of choice of healthy toppings, great prices and very filling. This has turned into a regular stop for me.
Decent depending on your barber. Sometimes they do a good job and more often than not, there's an opportunity for improvement. The customer service is pretty good.
I watched the show for the first season and when I heard they were opening a location in Toronto I really wanted to check it out. The food tasted good but the portions are small and it is over priced. 

Also why do they have play walburger previews always playing.
Amazing food tonight. Tonya is the best. And the service was great. This place is a hidden treasure in Scottsdale.
Extremely displeased with this store! Called in to ask for a specific shoe and brand, I was very specific as to what I was looking for. The employee that answered told me they had it and would put it on hold. When I got to the store the shoe was not only a different brand, but also style and size! They didn't even have what I needed in store! I now have to wait another day to continue calling around to other stores for this shoe! This location is not near my house and I would not have wasted my day nor the time driving, had the employee not told me they had what I needed! Extremely disappointed with the customer service and communication of this store!
I only stayed outside at the bar, so I can't speak for the inside.... The service was a little slow, but I wasn't in a rush or anything. I enjoyed a delicious burger and sweet potato waffle fries, and gluten free chocolate lava cake. It seemed a little pricey, but there are daily drink specials. Lots of high top tables, and the green space with corn hole and chairs to relax outside.
FANTASTIC - all the way around ... superb ambiance, stellar food and terrific service!
Our server Tony was delightful - he made the experience remarkably enjoyable.
We picked the Salty Cow based in the reviews and they were spot on.
Everything about this place is RIGHT!.
If you are tired of all of your usual spots and your attempts at finding a "new place" just have not worked out - look no further ... the Salty Cow is the place!

We will be back.
Went to Nevada Safes last week to view and decide on the type and size I would like for my home.  I was pleasantly surprised to see a lot choices for me.  Serge,  the sales mgr.  took the time to show and answer all my questions regarding the different safes I was interested in.  Long story short,  I found a safe a bit over my budget but it is something my family can grow into.  There was no pressure from Serge at all.  He was very polite and knowledgeable. Now,  as of yesterday,  my safe was installed.  Very pleased with the gentleman who were here and they too took the time to ensure my safe made it through my home with no damage and was set perfectly into position. I highly recommend Nevada Safes to protect my personals and yours.
We were a group of 8 with reservations for dinner. It wasn't a busy sunday night but still nice to have everything ready when we arrived. 

Asked the server his recommendations for appetizers and he suggested the crab cakes and fried green tomatoes. We shared amongst 7 and it was a good portion! The crab cakes were by far the best of the two and easily devoured between two people. Fried green tomatoes were okay, the topping of shrimp really made the dish. 

3 of us ordered the pitcher of white Sangria, which gave each of us at least a glass and a half.  Ice Tea and Diet Cokes were both charged at $3 each. 

Our remaining friend arrived and ordered the special for apps that day, mussels cooked in Guiness Stout. Nice large portion of mussels shared amongst 8, where all the shells we had were nicely opened. 

I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken and my boyfriend ordered the Jambalaya. The chicken was alright, I think I was expecting more heavy battered fried chicken drumsticks than a piece of fried chicken cutlet (really more reminded me of schnitzel with gravy).  The cajun Mac n Cheese was quite tasty and good. Jambalaya was filled nicely with seafood and large pieces of shrimp. I feel like it may have missed the spice content of real Jambalaya. 

Other friends ordered the daily special entree of prime rib stew on rice, i tried a small bite, sauce was decent, but beef seemed a little bland.  

Another friend ordered the smoke duck breast, but the highlight of that dish was really the mash potatoes, nice and creamy. I'm personally not a big fan of smoked meat, so even tasting a piece was okay but I don't think I would have enjoyed a whole smoked duck's breast. 

All in all, it was a decent meal, but likely try the brunch that everyone raves about instead.  I left the establishment thoroughly enjoying the crabcakes more than the rest of the meal. 

Also 18% gratuity imposed on groups of 6 or more is severely hefty.  The service was decent but we did feel a bit rushed at the end of our meal.  We were offered dessert before one of our friends even had the chance to finish his meal.
Have to downgrade this after an over-salted meal with my family. The garlic bread was especially funky and everything just seemed to taste off--a sign of staleness I believe. So this spot is 1 for 2 which is enough for me to try some other Italian places in town.
Oh Artlink!  Thanks so much for keeping First Fridays Alive!  And for putting together Art Detour every year!  

I am excited to see how much better it will be now with the dis-banding of the flea market atmosphere that had taken over!  

I double the Hooray for Artlink!
First off I asked for an appointment at 9 PM the night before and Steven was able to reply back within one hour that night to schedule an appointment the next morning. Steven was on time for his appointment very courteous and very friendly at start. He gave me the options on different solutions for my problem and was able to go get the supplies fairly quickly and came back and install them quickly. I was very satisfied with his work and I would love to recommend him to anybody in the Phoenix Valley area that needs a  polite and professional electrician thanks Stephen for everything!
What an incredible show! This was a last minute purchase for us, one last show before our late flight out. Very funny and well worth the money spent. The host is hysterical and they do a great job engaging with the audience. The show is about 75 minutes long and i honestly could have sat the longer to watch. Great show!!!
I have been going to l'atelier de joel robuchon since it opened at the MGM and each time get better and better. I have been to the Paris and NY locations many times but the LV restaurant is far superior. 

The service (starting from the lovely host stand) to all the wait staff is top notch and clearly trained by a master. It makers for the most pleasant experience and environment. 

The service starts with a offering of champagne or wines by the glass that are wonderful. The wine list is extensive and filled a nice assortment of French, Napa, and some new world. We started off with glasses of delamotte champagne, that was really nice and dry and then had 1s cru burgundy and Sancerre. All were exquisite and perfectly paired. 
 
Food-wise, they always start you off with when he homemade breads and real French butter that you basically want to bathe in. That's alway a highlight to Amy JR restaurant. The amuse buche follows that up and it's whipped foie gros with some red wine reduction. I don't really enjoy it and it's the one item that could be changed as they have been serving it for waaay to long. 

The menu is split up into 2 large seasonal tasting menus, ala carte menus and then smaller pre fix menus that are lower prices and easier for 1st time guest.  I highly recommend choosing from the ala carts menus as the best of the best are on that portion. 

What we ordered today were the langoustines that are wrapped in fill dough with micro basil inside. To say this is the most delicious langoustine you will ever eat, is an understatement. It's mindblowingly melt in your mouth.  

Then we always get the Iberico ham with the side of crostini that they put micro basil and tomato. Its the perfect amount of acid for all the fatty pork goodness. Holy smokes!! Once you taste real Iberico ham, you won't go back. 

We also had the smoke salmon with the potato and chèvre cheese that also has some bitter greens and horseradish. It was a beautifully deconstructed latke with salmon....I couldn't eat it fast enough!

We then followed up with hang steaks and they new mushroom dish that for any vegetarian, this would be faultless. The meatiness of the mushrooms with the butter sauce and greens were unbelievable. The hanger was good and we had it before, but not as special as the other dishes. Both of those came with the famous JR potatoes. I can barely eat them anymore but if you have never gone, you must try. It's his most famous dish (everywhere you taste something similar now, know it's a copy from here). It's basically mash potato mousse but the ratio to better and potatoes is 50\/50...crazy, but oh so good. 

For dessert, we wanted something light and had the mango mousse with homemade coconut sorbet. Perfect palate cleanser. 

Like I said before, I have been a huge fan of JR four about 15yrs now have gone to many of his locations , including next door at his flag ship and this is by far my favorite. Patrick, our usual server couldn't be better and more professionally and Oscar, the waiter and busser is the best!

I can't recommend enough for special occasions, but try to go for anytime and don't feel insecure about just ordering a few dishes to share and try. It's a wonderful experience and something that you don't see often enough anymore.
Stayed here over Memorial Day weekend. It was such an amazing place. Rooms are huge, customer service amazing, great views. A little more expensive but right on the strip and great shopping\/ resturants. The decorations were to die for. I fell in love with Vegas again staying here.
After the latest negative experience here, I am not going back. Saleswoman walked in on me while I was in the dressing room a few days ago, and did not think there was anything wrong with this behavior until I pointed out that this was not appropriate. This was not an accident. She pulled back the curtain knowing that I was in there and without asking my permission. She later apologized and said, "I could see that you were dressed." I had pulled the curtain completely shut, but evidently my body was still visible, which also makes me feel very uncomfortable since the changing rooms open onto the store floor. 

Every time I go in here, the sales staff either interact so minimally with customers or ask me 4-5 times in 10 minutes if I need anything.
this place is alright. I still prefer korean grill house or the chako in brampton over this location.

Service- decent 3\/5

food- average korean grill house food, just better selection than most 3.5\/5

the thing that bothers me so much about this location is the lack of ventilation..... every time i come here i leave the place with my clothes smelling like i just rescued someone from a burning building.

overall i wouldn't come out of my way for this place, but if I'm in the area and craving it then whatever i'll still eat it
I am so impressed with this team! Recently spotted a few earwings (ugh, yuck, ew) in my master bedroom and bathroom. I text Urban Desert over the holiday weekend and they returned my message very promptly. Jeremy came out to my house right away. He left us such a kind voicemail that he was on his way and since we weren't home he'd take care of everything and wished us happy holidays! They are so thoughtful and considerate of their clients. I highly recommend this company. Amazing customer service.
Polite, courteous, fairly priced and came on time as expected. So nice to get rid of the heavy stuff I could not move myself. Would highly recommend this company.
As far as Denny's go.. I think this one is pretty much perfect. We tried to go the Denny's on the strip, but it was always way too packed. Plus, I didn't get a good feeling about that one. Then we googled the nearest Denny's and found one on Tropicana, and we were staying at the Excalibur, which was pretty close so we headed out. Come to find out, it's inside a casino, and it smelled like smoke, and there was a huge line. 

So we head out again and about a couple miles away we find this little hidden gem. We walked in, no wait, got seated by a friendly waitress, and placed our orders almost instantly. A short while later, our food arrived. It was exactly what we needed after a couple days of hardcore drinking and almost no sleep. Hot, fresh, tasty, greasy food. And, most importantly, cheap. We went twice during our 5 day stay, and I will make make sure to stop by here on all my future visits.
Love that this is a locally owned neighborhood restaurant! Tucked away behind a Circle K, it's somewhat unassuming. Still, I have enjoyed all the pasta dishes I've orders here! But mostly I like that there are so many regular patrons and it really feels like a comfortable spot to hang just down the block from your house.
Went on a Saturday for lunch.  Arrived and parked on site- thank you Vig!

Really neat, old building.  Beautiful stained glass window by the front door.  Employees were all very polite and attentive.  Well done Vig!

Food time - mac and cheese, get it.  Wonderful!  I had the Hangover Helper - it was really really good.  Large portion too.  Sauce was the right kind of spicy.

Only beef?  Seating - we wanted to sit "out back" and could see several available tables.  We wound up waiting about 20 minutes to be seated when they had outdoor seating capacity.
Lovers of Lamb beware! I must have come after the lunch rush or maybe they could care less about the quality of their lamb. Instead of going for the classic Gyro, especially when I try a new Greek or Middle Eastern restaurant. 

I ordered the Lamb Kabob, served with a very modest portion of rice with just a small hint of citrus and the Hummus. The first red flag was the lamb was not skewered, it was just a small pile of slightly charred chunks of meat sitting on top of grilled vegetables. 

The lamb was probably the second worst quality of lamb I have ever tasted. It was tough, lacking any freshness at all, the meat was so questionable that I can only think to myself, I hope I don't get sick from this meal. 

The sauce, which is apparently supposed to be a complement to the lamb tasted more like a curdled yogurt with a sharp metallic taste. 

You have a choice of soup or salad and I chose the Lentil soup, a soup this easy shouldn't be as hard as apparently it is for their complete lack of skills; bland, boring, and not enough lentils for my taste, I personally prefer a thicker Lentil soup. I've worked in many kitchens and I will still attest that if a kitchen can make a good soup, the rest will follow in the beautiful quality of what careful planning can do. Back to the drawing board for this lazy kitchen. 

The best part was the Hummus, beautiful presentation with sliced beets and a nice subtle hint of garlic lingering in the background. Overall, the service was great and very friendly, but friendly service is not enough to invoke me to return and I will more than likely skip this place and try somewhere else for a real lamb kabob.
A highly recommended neighborhood burger spot. Don't let the fact that it was featured on DDD worry you. The restaurant is small and basic, but looks are deceiving. The burgers are very upscale. 

We visited recently with kids in tow. We enjoyed a deliciously toxic Lucky Charms shake, gooey French Toast fries, tasty sweet potato tots, kids cheeseburgers with ketchup smiley faces included, the feature Burger Brulee... who knows what else we ordered. All fantastic.

The counter staff is always helpful and friendly, which is key because the menu caulk board and specials can be confusing. Fellow diners are usually friendly as well, often a combination of regulars and DDD devotees. All in all, a great family outing.
A nice little Asian gem among the host of eateries in the Hotel's food court. They have quite a nice spread of vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. Their tofu was extremely soft and the noodles were flavorful.
I always have a good experience at this location. My order is always correct, and the wait time is minimal, the food is also great.
Awesomeness. 

Gelato flavours galore. Melon, Pistachio, Chili Chocolate, Strawberry, Kiwi, the list goes on and on...it's amazing.

It's slightly expensive though, but well worth it for quality (and considering the area).

The only thing that pisses me off is the mini nutella bottles for $8. Why would you be stupid enough to buy that, and why would the owners even price it that way and keep on the counter where you pay cash...it's sorta saying "Look at how much i am ripping you off and how stupid you are for standing in this line
So expensive!!! I regret going there last year, I was just looking for something to snack on. I got nachos and a bottle of water for $14. I mean its Vegas, but I could find somewhere else here for half that price. Oh well....
I have driven by this place countless times and not noticed it.  But these days I've been more attentive and couldn't help notice what, at first glance, appeared to be a place that sold nunchucks.  After realizing that it was actually a Jamaican Jerk spot, I quickly made a pit stop to sample some of their jerk chicken.

I was greetly by a friendly Chinese Jamaican gentleman who asked me what I wanted.  I told him that I wanted to try the house jerk chicken, and he asked me how much.  It came to exactly $10 including tax for one pound of jerk (just the chicken).  I took it home a happy customer and eager to try the food.

The chicken was surprisingly tasty, and reminded me of the jerk I tried at Negril Jerk Food (up at Middlefield & Markham).  The meat was dark and flavorful.  Since Nun Such Jerk is so close to my home in Scarborough, I have a feeling it will become my go-to Jerk spot.
If you're in the need for some comfort food, this place has good a great selection of flavorful dishes with a nice, enjoyable atmosphere. Come during happy hour and get food and drink at a great price! I had the chicken pho. It came out fast, delivered by a very friendly server. The pho was tasty and filling. I recommend this place as a great lunch or dinner option. There is a great looking bar with TV's overhead.
I came to Aged in Oak to get tattooed and have to say I love this place. Not only are they great artists, but they are friendly and so funny too.  Crystal did an amazing job on my tattoo and the day overall was a lot of fun. I've heard there are a few celebrities that pop in from time to time to get work done here as well. I'll be back for sure. I highly recommend coming here if you're looking to get tattooed.
I like eating here when I am staying at the Four Seasons.  The Sunday brunch is heavenly.  If I have my choice I will come and eat here whenever I am in Vegas, but I need to watch my figure so sometime I need to control myself.  Honestly, the service and the quality of food is impeccable.  The ambiance is very nice.  Who else can outdo Four Seasons?  It is a hard act to follow, I know.
Solid diner. Good omelette, nothing fancy  , but does not need to be. One star off for coffee that could be better. Otherwise solid food, well made.
One of my favorite airport lounges to visit. Close to the United gates, gourmet food and comfortable working\/resting pods. Access is free for Platinum and Black Card members and I believe there's a fee for other types of AMEX card holders. It's gotten so popular it's sometimes hard to find a spot.
This isn't just an urgent care. I use them as my primary doctor. The office is clean, there is minimal wait and the staff is great. Highly recommend this facility
We started with a breadbasket.  Most of it was good, but watch out for a couple of pretty hard french bread pieces.  I didn't have an appetizer or salad so the next part of my meal was a filet mignon.  It was cooked to my liking and tasted pretty good.  I also split the tater tots and mushroom with my co-workers.  The tater tots, although not your traditional steak side dish, was pretty good.  The mushrooms were pretty meh.  I thought they would be buttons but it was wild mushrooms and they had kind of a weird taste to them.  That made me sad because I love mushrooms.  I was also a bit disappointed in the side order portions.  Usually steakhouses sell family style size portions.  These were not necessarily family size.  They probably were single portions that you could share a bit with others, but not too much.  The service was good though, so that was a plus.
Guys!!! Don't waste your time. The bouncers crawl the place waiting for a misstep to kick you out. My cover was $60 on a Friday night. They escorted me out and told me I looked intoxicated (FYI: I don't drink). When I asked the manager if I looked or sounded intoxicated, he went silent. I then told him I wanted my money back and he completely ignored me, turned his back and called for the rent-a-cops to escort me out. I obliged and now I'm here giving you my feedback. 

There are way too many fun places on the strip to spend your time and money. Avoid this place at all costs.

Cheers. 

P.S. This place was full of dudes.
This past weekend my Fiancee, my parents, and I visited this little spot tucked away on Main street in Old Town Scottsdale. We had a really good time, and like most other people here we found them on Groupon. We tried the Antipasto and the Cheese plate, and the bread and olive oil, they were all ok, Antipasto was my favorite. Pass on the brownie, It's a prepackaged heat-in-the-microwave type of thing which they drizzle chocolate sauce over. 

I'd go for the wine and probably stick to just the wine next time, they have a good selection and lots of custom and interesting flavors like peach, berry, and "Summer Rain" for the girl that just turned 21.

Atmosphere is great and the tables and wine racks are interesting. They have a bottling station where you might have a group come in and slap a custom label on some of their wines for a special occasion. 

They had the usual black t-shirts with the glitter text saying cheesy and lewd things, which is a little of a turn off to me, because without that and a few more of those original paintings or other artwork on the walls it would really be a classy place.
Came to cold stone on this hot evening in Vegas and was so excited to get my regular "the pie who loves" but they were out of graham cracker- a key ingredient in this selection. Peyton and Nick helped me select other choices that went well with my selection. They were so upbeat, positive, and customer service oriented- very rare these days. Thank you Peyton and Nick for the phenomenal service!
Came here after reading other reviews and I was NOT DISAPPOINTED.  My husband and I ordered burrito bowls.  I got the green chili which was perfectly flavored. My husband said it was a bit spicy, but I thought it was perfect.  They have a great chipotle sauce to add on top, which added a great level of flavor.  The best part was their perfectly salted and crisp chips.  They were the best I've had.
Went in for lunch around 11:15 and there was no line. To order sign directs you to the left register but after no one taking our order and seeing someone else placing an order at the corner register i then walked and got in line there. 

Only get a half sandwich as it is plenty of food. After we and everyone else got our food we all had waited about 40 minutes. They did give coupon for $5 off next time which was nice. 

An awkward cook stated the computer system had crashed. The chicken Parm sandwich was dry on the bottom with only sauce on top. It had good flavor but i would definitely try something else next time.
pretty good but a bit pricey but Im spoiled living here in Northern California!!
Showed up here at 8 PM on a Sunday (a hour before close) with the intention of ordering for takeout.  The place was quiet as one would expect, and this was our first visit so we didn't really know what to expect beyond that.  BUT, we were pleasantly surprised to say the least.  I wanted to order a dish of Mao Po Tofu, which wasn't on the menu and the cook came out and told me that she would gladly prepare it!  Awesome.  My girlfriend wanted to get their Singaporean Chow ___ Fun (can't remember the exact name) but with tofu and she was totally happy to do that as well.  The sesame chicken, a so-so staple of the Chinese food world in the US, was excellent.  When she presented us with our order, she even made some homemade hot mustard for us to try with the egg roll they gave us.  Pow!  Stuff was strong, but excellent.  Overall the food was delicious, crisp, flavorful, not overly oily, and we did not feel hungry an hour later!  Great service, great food, a must try.
Used to live around the corner and gotta say their Khao Soi is really good. It's hard to find authentic Thai cuisine in Toronto so if you're down for some flavors and good food, I would highly recommend. Like other yelpers had mentioned, the communal seating is not very comfortable, if you are looking for a romantic\/lax night out, go somewhere else lol. Everything else is pretty consistent but I don't think the wait\/line up is worth it. There's Pai down the street and it's just as great if not better. 

Side Note: Caught the manager\/owner drinking beer while serving their customers, I personally don't mind it but ya....

Pros:
Ambiance: fun\/young\/casual
Food: delicious authentic Thai food
Cons:
- long wait\/line up
- uncomfortable seating
Thursday is not a good day to come if you're craving churros or menudo. I guess they don't get that stuff delivered until Friday.
Short review: Good, but if you've had the shaved ice in SGV (San Gabriel Valley in California) then it doesn't compare. Very good though overall.

Long review: Ever since I've had baobing in SGV 6 years ago, it's stayed in my memory as one of the best desserts that AZ is missing. It's so hot here 9 months a year, why wouldn't they open one? I'm so glad it finally has its place now in Phoenix. The flavor options are limited, but they are adding more.  My favorite so far is any of the shaved ice with all of the almond options. I recommend getting the syrups\/milks on the side and add on slowly as to not oversweeten the dessert. I hope they eventually expand the menu even further and add a wide variety of flavors and have even better ripe and fresh fruit toppings. My go to place for dessert anytime I'm in Phoenix.
(edited for grammar) :)
Really enjoyed my Burrito Mojado and taco. The food was really good, the atmosphere was nice, and the service was on point. A great spot for a downtown getaway day.
Prior to Jackson taking over the facility, I had my car washed there regularly, with excellent results.  After it was bought by Jackson, the wait times became MUCH longer and they just didn't do a good job cleaning.  I had to point out obvious places that had to be touched up, where I never had to before.  I thought that might be from the business being new, but I keep trying about once every 6 months and have always had poor results.  Not an awful job, but only casual work for a high price.  I have finally given up.
I live in LA. I regularly frequent Beverly Hills and Woodland Hills locations. Hands down Vegas location is the best!! Food is excellent. Service impeccable. The manager, Anthony, treated us like VIP!!!! I highly recommend visiting this location when you visit Las Vegas! The best ribeye and filet you have ever tried. A+++++++
Nice ambiance. Waited 30 min for table...no worries for Friday night and no reservations. Saw waited twice...asst manager stood in as "waitress". Ordered baby back ribs for a child and an adult, both plates came out cold.
Really only saw waiter!!
Now that is a good pizza! Thanks Michelle for your great yelp review and also for encouraging me to join you in oakville to experience this wonderful meal. 

The 2 of us started off our Thursday evening meal at 6pm. As soon as I walked in I was welcomed with smiles and great service. They do have a patio but not many seats so we grabbed a table inside near a window. We couldn't decide which wine to get (they have a great list!) so they let us sample both the Barolo and the valpolicella ripasso. We went with the ripasso for 15 dollars for the glass. 

Started off with the prosciutto wrapped figs which comes with bread, cheese and a nice jam for $18. Then I ordered the marguerita pizza which was AMAZING. They import their 00 flour from Naples and boy was it worth the trek. The crust was beautifully soft. The combination of mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, and EVOO made me feel like I was back in Italy!

We left around 8 and it was busy and loud! Definitely the place to be. Everyone seemed to be really enjoying themselves. 

Check this place out. I will be back!!
It's very unfortunate to write this kind of reviews but somehow they need to help other people not eating or making the same mistake. Me and my friend order 2 burgers of " Angus meat" that's what the girl said, everything was great until I tasted the burger, it was very salty and I say very salty!!!, and here is the thing we were approach by the manager or one of the girls in charge and she asked if everything was ok, and we told her that the burger was super salty and she apologizes and told the people at the back that the customer was unhappy with the burger and she remind them to don't add to much salt to the burgers. She came back after a few seconds and I thought she was going to offer us our money back or at least change our meals for something else, but NO she offer us RANCH DRESSING so that can we somehow make the salty taste go away!!! Can you imagine,
 There are better options out there don't waste money and time, even McDonald's would be better compare to the great Angus burger .
Had my 2016 Mercedes C63s AMG (Ahh My God!) pimped here. I had the AMG race sticker placed on the car, the rockers matte black, along with the rear spoiler. Just as I envisioned my car to look...Findalay brought my thought to reality. My car looks sportier, and as I always strive to be....different! Very affordable, quick, staff are great to talk to, and answered any questions I had. Thank you Findalay...ill be back!
I am giving Habib's a 3\/5. Overall, the new location is bigger and better than the old place. The decoration is still one of the best I have seen for a Persian restaurant. You will definitely enjoy your time there if you're a little bit open minded.
I'm giving a:
Atmosphere 4.5\/5: As I said earlier, it's definitely one of the best atmosphere I've seen for a Persian restaurant. I'm not giving a 5 because I think that the owner could have included more of the Persian art into their decor but it still looks really good now.
Food 3\/5: I read all the Yelps review and yes the food isn't maybe the one your grandma will cook but I think it was some descent food. I didn't have the feeling to eat something bad. I definitely ate worst than this! But as a key note, I usually always order a side of Hummus everywhere I go because I can tell first, if the Hummus is fresh made or in a can, and second, it gives me a good feeling of how things turn in the kitchen. Well at Habib's, they unfortunately use Hummus from a can which is ok for certain people, but not for me. A simple appetizer like that should be freshly done and it gives you a nice overview of the rest of the food. That's one of the reason I am not giving a 4 or 5 because I think they can still improve in their food presentation and preparation.
Service 2\/5: Service tends to be sporadic I agree. It really depends if you know the owner, if he had a good day or not etc. at the same time, it's rare to have also exceptional service in a Persian restaurant. It's pretty much in the culture.
Overall, a 3\/5. I would still go there and I like to support them. It might be a little overpriced maybe depending on what you're ordering and you can end up with a bill of $70-$80 for 2 persons.
Perfectly average. The food is average, the service is average and the atmosphere is average. You can generally get a good deal on this buffet by going to the half price tickets counter and getting a coupon to lower the cost. That is the only way that this buffet is worth the money. It is hard to comment on a buffet that is so average.
avg price and what not for an airport

however if you spend 7 minutes to place an order to make sure you don't get gluten you better not give the woman gluten.  And so I spent the night holding hair as she lost those flour tortillias.  

They did offer to comp the meal but if you have an allergy that doesn't cut it
Arrived on time to measure.  Was rude and condescending
Quoted a price and an install date  ..... 3 wks.   Three weeks we got a message that order had been delayed and would be maybe another 2 weeks.  DON'T THINK SO......

CANCEL our order was our response.

Went elsewhere and had a very positive experience.  ...  INSTALL completed ahead of time !
Always get accommodated right away and they are all very sweet! Snow has done my nails and toes twice now and always leave happy. Refreshments here from water to beer\/wine\/champagne. Everything is very clean and cute inside. You'll leave happy with great prices and punch\/reward card!
Cajun Queen wasn't awful, but it wasn't great either. If you've been to New Orleans and sampled the fare, then you will be disappointed with the cuisine. While not on par with New Orleans, it's not without charm. Still, not the Big Easy. 

For scale: 1- ingesting Old Bay seasoning, 
2 - a box of Zatarain's, 4 - Cajun Queen, 
10 - New Orleans.

The service was great, but we could tell our waitress was overworked even with the servers assistants refilling waters and removing finished plates. 

Everything arrived lukewarm; gumbo, the "all 3" (crawfish, shrimp, and chicken) étouffée, and even the broccoli side. And although the étouffée cautioned, "Spicy!," it was tame. 

One winning aspect was the Sazerac cocktail, and New Orleans beer on the menu (Abita). 

We'd go again for drinks.
Been a loyal client for a few years for hair lightening. It is not easy to find the ideal colourist that you can trust, but I can honestly say that despite my challenging colour requests, this team pulls it off with style and grace.  

More pros:
- Very cute salon with super friendly, professional stylists, fun music and girly decor
- Aveda products which I appreciate - the shampoo smells *really* good, and I trust the dyes being gentler than other brands
- Central downtown location for convenience (a little tricky to find as its on small street, next to Furco)
Everytime I passed by this place there was always a big line of people out front (appx 30 minute wait), so I figured I'd give it a shot. It was tasty and cheap, but keep in mind you get what you pay for... It was good though the portions were small. It was decorated cute and the waitress was such a sweet heart. I may return if the lines ever start to die down, I don't wait for food.
Where do I start? Parking is free, however if you leave for the afternoon & come back late at night, their lot will be full so be prepared to park at a nearby lot. The staff at the front desk was very welcoming. He told us that breakfast was included. Our room was clean, very spacious, & personally I thought their beds is one of the comfiest to sleep in! Our room also had a mini kitchen (sink, mini fridge & freezer, microwave, & pantry space) It's also equipped with plates & utensils. They also provide free Wi-Fi. It was a great first stay!
we went family style and ordered 4 different pizzas and shared them all.  They were all good.  I was fortunate that we were done with patients early so when i got there, there was hardly any wait.  Everyone enjoyed them, but from my other experiences I know you can wait up to 3 hours to get in.  Its got a great decor but is small, and this often means you end up waiting a while.  I do not think it is worth anything more than a half hour wait but it is good.  All the pizzas are good!
Legit. I would come back to Canada for this place.
Cool staff, chill, quirky atmosphere, and great food.

The chicken meatballs were flavorful, with a chunky, tangy tomato sauce and delicious crispy buttery slices of bread. The root vegetables side was amazing. Out included celery root, carrots, sweet potato...and maybe other stuff...point is...it was roasted perfectly, not too crunchy, not too mushy, with excellent flavoring.

It took us all our power not to come back to the same place before leaving (we have to try other things!). We hope they expand to the US soon!!
The food is 5 +++ Stars! Completely unique and so flavorful. I can't say enough about the Quesa's (except I really hope they are fat free...hehe) Their tacos are even great after a 15 min car ride back to my home. Everything I have tried has been very tasty! 

The Salsa's are 5++++ Stars! The cilantro cream, holy moly can I have a gallon to put on anything and everything...I really  think it will make everything taste amazing!

Over all La Condesa is a great Gourmet Taco shop and the quality of the food definitely  puts the Gourmet in the name. I love using La Condesa as take home food for out of town guest, they are always impressed!

What knocks my review down a star, difficulty parking and the lack of AC in the summer. I much prefer to get it to go!
One of the loveliest and quaint little bars I have ever been to in my life!

It's in what was once a residential home on a residential street. This, to me, adds considerably to its appeal!

They have an appreciable selection of beers and ales in the bottle. I don't drink wine so I can't comment, but there were people drinking some.

The lighting was perfect. The atmosphere was VERY pleasant! The pricing was good.

Definitely need to go back!
Great Szechuan food. Don't go here expecting nice decor. The ambiance isn't great but the food more than makes up for it. Dishes were cheaper than at other Hunan\/ Szechuan places I've been. 

Ordered a few things, each which we enjoyed:
-boiling fish dish in peppers. This was pretty spicy but tolerable. I'd say it taste similar to other restaurants. They were pretty generous with the fish
-cumin lamb. This is my standard dish at these places, but I haven't had it prepared like this before. It was served with a lot of onion on a sizzling plate. We really liked it. I think there's a little less lamb than usual but it was still enough.
-beef pancake. I actually preferred this to the ones I've had at other places. Often I find the meat too chewy, but this was perfect. Also I felt that it had the perfect meat to pancake ratio 

We also ordered a stir fry pancake dish. This was cool... Haven't had something like before. It consists of pancake pieces cut into small strips and stir fried. There was some sour lettuce type of vegetable which I thought complimented the pancake well. My main complaint about this dish however is that there is no meat (wasn't obvious from the name)

Takes debit or cash
Parking
My husband and I came here last Saturday 4\/16 to celebrate our anniversary and our meal was amazing! We ordered:

Hamachi Sashimi - it was super fresh and served with a sliver of dried garlic on top. 

Seafood On Ice for 2 - Served with 4 oysters (2 from each coast), lobster salad, 2 king crab legs, Ahi Tuna poke and scallops. 

Wagyu Sliders with shoestring potatoes - on Hawaiian bread buns served with housemade banana ketchup. 

Crispy Brussel Sprouts -  just maybe one of the best things ever. OMG...so good

At the end of our meal, they brought us complimentary vanilla cupcakes with cream cheese frosting served with white chocolate that had "Happy Anniversary" written on it. 

The server we had (I forgot his name, but he had a shaved head and glasses) was the sweetest. 

This place is worth every penny. They pay such close attention to detail and we enjoyed all of it. 

Well done, Andrea's!
I was on an anniversary vacation when I had a mishap with my nose piercing. Long story short, the stud got yanked up into the edge of my nostril and the flat back was completely buried in my nose. Precious Slut was the only place open in the morning who also had a piercer available. I went in and met with Liz (who has some great piercings herself). She looked at my nose and knew exactly what to do and after getting cleaned up she had me fixed up in under a minute. Our fee was only $5 for her to glove up, but we tipped an extra $20 since we didn't have to go to the ER and she saved my piercing!

I can't speak to the tattoo artists but I felt very safe and comfortable working with Liz. The shop looked very clean, was well lit, and was in a much more savory location than some of the other places we drove by.  A+!
Love it.  Ate there for first time yesterday and it was amazing!  As close to NYC pizza in Times Square as you are going to get!  Staff was amazing and prices are great!  We will definitely be back!
I love this place. As long as I live in Pittsburgh, I will come back to Kiva Han. Though this is the part where I admit to my extreme bias: My wife and I went on our first date here. 

My devotion goes beyond that though. The food here is excellent. It's one of my favorite lunch spots in Oakland, and it's especially great for vegetarians like myself. I recommend the chili wrap, curry wrap, or spinach & feta sandwich. For (non brunch) breakfast you just can't beat the hangover cure wrap. 

Of course, there is one major flaw to this joint. Their brewed coffee actually kind of sucks. Pretty damning for a coffee shop, I know. However! Their espresso is some of the best in Oakland. I generally drink straight up espresso anyway, so it all works out for me. Plus they've got a good selection of tea, if that's your thing.

The most important reason why I go to Kiva Han though, is because places like this are good for the city and good for a neighborhood like Oakland in particular. This place is creative and fosters a community of creative people. That's why Kiva Han has stayed open despite the Starbucks across the street. This place is what a coffee shop can and should be, as opposed to the sugar coated, corporate, pseudo-bohemian mothership across the street. 

I'm holding the fifth star hostage until the coffee improves though.
This was out first time here and I came because of the good yelp reviews. Wow, this place is Awesome and the baristas are super helpful!!! They let me sample their white coffee and made me a special drink based on what I told them I was in the mood for! Great place and we will be back!
Whoa! Why the low ratings? My buddies and I were planning a quick trip to Vegas for AVN. Yeah you heard me. AVN. Anyway, we werent going to spend our entire time at AVN. What are we, crazy? Hehe

Looking up club hopper tours we stumbled on these guys giving out a crazy groupon deal. Why not? Come club night and we meet our crazy tour guide "Princess". She was off the chain. What an awesome and energetic and anything goes woman. Super cool, especially when we got on that party bus. Then all hell broke loose. It got to a point where we wanted to STAY on the bus we were having so much fun.

But alas, we got to club #2. #1 was at Paris which was our initial meeting point. #2 was at Mirage 1OAK. Yeah we never made it out of that club. Its too bad because I was looking forward to Pure at Caesar's and tipping out Ms. Princess.

Got bottle service with some stand up gentlemen from Boise. Good times. Good times.

For Princess alone...5 stars! $40 well spent.
Wow!  

Kudos to Oli and team for catering our Mardi Gras party last night.  The food was delicious and the menu was perfect.  We had over 130 people at our party and so many compliments on the  fantastic food!  A first class operation, and we will be calling you again real soon!
Very helpful guys and he gave many advises to me honestly. I have visited to fix my screen of iPhone 7plus and now my device is works perfect, I recommend this place to everyone who wanna fix phone, tablet or computer. Thanks again
The good guys strike again!

Food: amazing as always
Staff: friendly and welcoming
Location: bit far away for me but it's right down the street from Retro Bakery which allows me to kill two birds with one stone
Decor: not as cool as HQ was, definitely more "fast food drive thru" like.. but that's what they were going for

What else can I say about Slidin Thru??

Oh... I know! ... Please open up the SW store already!! haha
Just wanted to try a new place to eat as I was visiting PA with a friend. The atmosphere was very relaxing and laid back. The bathrooms were very clean. The chips and queso, especially the white cheese, were amazing. The chips alone have a very sweet\/salty taste. We had a nice waiter, Ben who seemed to really know the menu and what they had to offer. Honestly the only con I can give is the curbside appeal. The restaurant sits in between houses and just not normally what you would picture as a restaurant. With that said, once you walk through the door, everything changes! Overall just a very laid back and enjoyable place to eat!
Had the pho tai and it was OK.  Broth flavor could have been better.  Noodles were OK.  Been to hundreds pho restaurants so I am a tough critic.  Still enjoyable.  Lemon drink was mediocre and expensive.  Surprised it wasn't carbonated.
Gave them a try 10\/22\/12. Best of luck to a beginner's stab at a restaurant. I doubt they will be around long:
Observations:
1. Main entrance is not used, everyone who came in after us could not find the door. I actually had to point the direction for at least six customers who stood at the locked doors.
2. "Market Price" board at entry is small, dark, and unreadable.
3. Spartan surrounding devoid of any decor
4. Music; radio station blaring loudly and preventing normal conversation.
5. Service staff, though eager, are ill prepared and trained.
Food:
1. Calamari appetizer, typical batter fried rings served with as much lemon wedges as product. A small basket for $9.00...
2. Shrimp Po-Boy, shrimp was adequate but no better than frozen batter fried from the grocery. $13.99...
3. Parmesan garlic fries, add $1 for standard out of the bag potatoes coated liberally in garlic with a touch of Parmesan cheese. Side order of same is $4.99.
4. Ice tea and soda, $2.50 a glass.
5. Whole Tilapia battered and fried (overly fried) served with large serving of plain white rice and a small cup of Coleslaw, $15.99.
Condiments:
1. Nothing is offered or provided. Sweetener, salt, pepper, soy sauce, ketchup, eating utensils (plastic), etc., must be requested.
Maybe it was a bad night but the prices remain out of line for the quality and dining experience.
Dr Christopher is wonderful. She is very knowledgeable and good at what she does. For a small female doc she is strong when necessary. The office staff is friendly and very interactive with the patients.
My favorite place in Champaign for sushi. Prices are reasonable and the food is delicious! I've only come for sushi, and have tried a handful of rolls, but the Spitfire roll (tempura tuna, jalapeno, cream cheese, spicy sauce in a soy wrapper) is what keeps me coming back! You get miso soup and a little dish of noodles before the meal. Awesome! My friend also loves the beef soba soup. 

Service is very fast during dinner hour and the waitresses are very attentive.
You have to go and see the rooms each room has a different theme from Japanese to Yugoslavian to Russian to the early American--- Which is said to be a haunted
We ordered a salted caramel, crunch concrete mixer and a cookies and cream, whipped cream concrete mixer. It was made with custard so it was definitely creamy in texture. I would try it again if it were convenient but probably wouldn't drive out of my way for it.
Very welcoming - good Italian food and atmosphere.  This is a place we will go back to!
Worth the drive.  I now live in San Diego and make it a point to go see Joyce as often as possible.

Meticulous !!! I just love her facials.  She is so in tune with what your skin needs. There is no wipe on wipe off standard treatment, like you get and some of the salons.  She gives you the facial YOU need.
She leaves no black heads on my face.
I clean and younger when I leave. 
The place is relaxing and spotless.  No hustle on the sales.

Thank You Joyce, now please move closer to SD.
Beautiful location!  We have eaten once outside, and twice inside.  The service has been very nice each time.  I've had the Mezza Chicken, Eggplant Pomodoro and the grilled Salmon.  I would order each of them again, very delicious.

The calamari on the other hand was too salty for me, but others in my party enjoyed it.  The Quatro Bruschetta was disappointment.  I did have a bruschetta on the specialty menu with proscuitto and asparagus that was very tasty and I would have again.

I don't recall the names of all the drinks that I have tried; one was a martini with Absolute Raspberry, pineapple juice, and cranberry juice (missing some ingredients).  It was incredible!  The only problem was that it didn't come in a bigger glass, (careful, this one goes down quick).  The other was a strawberry lemonade with fresh strawberries, fresh basil and prosecco.  I know, fresh basil seems strange, but I'm going to try and make this one at home, I loved it so much!
I was quite surprised.  I came here expecting decent burgers, and I was pleasantly surprised with better food than I expected.

The warning I give here is that the burgers are pretty greasy, but the taste is great.  I got the Arizona Smashburger 1\/2 lb (no guac and no tomato) and haystack onions.  The burger was quite large (though more wide than thick) and juicy, the toppings were fresh, and the bun was great, adding a nice complement to the rest.

This may not have been the best burger I have ever had, but it was good enough that I will come back and eat here again.
Hooray! I may have found my dish here!

I came back on a Friday night at dinnertime. The weird, empty atmosphere was replaced with the chatter of other tables and several bustling waitstaff.

For appetizers we ordered egg rolls and fried wontons. Not the highlight of the meal, but they were pretty cheap, so whatever.

For my meal I ordered a spicy chicken dish and added vegetables because I can't just eat a plate of saucy fried food without something healthy. This meant my dish was pretty expensive, but it was 2 meals worth, so worth it. The chicken was perfectly crunchy on the outside, tender inside, and the vegetables were still a little crunchy and a good mix. Ordering it at heat level 6 was perfect for me, though I ate around a few jalapeños because it would have kicked it up to an 8.

The servers were very attentive, and my water glass was always full. The lady who sat us and brought the food was like a fussy mother, in a good way, as she rearranged the plates and glasses to make more food fit on the table.

It was so good, I boxed half of it up so I wouldn't look like a pig, then I finished it as soon as I got home.
The levels to which I love this hotel cannot begin to be described. But, since this is Yelp, I'm going to do my best.

The first thing that's worth noting about this hotel is that it's a Marriott property. That means if you have status with Marriott (which, fortunately I do) you'll get free wifi and (for platinum level), two free passes to the Wicked Spoon buffet for breakfast (which is amazing, but that's a topic for another review.)

The lobby sets the tone for the rest of the experience. They advertise as "just the right amount of wrong" and it really is. If you've ever been to The Standard hotel the Cosmopolitan will strike you as a slightly more upscale\/toned down version of that.

When you walk in through the valet entrance you're greeted by the lobby with these "magical pillars". I actually have no idea what they're called, but they're cool. They'll show different elevator type scenes, some of them a bit risque. You'll probably find yourself standing there watching, mesmerized, waiting for someone to release that poor trapped woman from the foggy glass room she's trapped in.

Just off of the lobby is the Vesper Bar. The bar specializes in classic cocktails and bartenders who really know their craft. In all the times I've stopped by there, which is many, I've always been very impressed with the bartenders. As for the waitresses there (and the rest of the complex for that matter), let's just say "they hire well" - attentive, friendly, and rather attractive - just the way you want your cocktail waitresses to be.

Past the lobby opens up into one of the nicer casinos I've seen. I must confess I haven't done much gambling there as I tend to gamble on the cheap and the limits are generally a bit too rich for my blood. But my wife does love the penny slots there.

As you meander through the casino there's a nice little sports bar on the right side. Good beer selection and a nice place to grab some greasy food to fight off the hangover from the night before. Through to the other end of the casino is the Chandelier Bar, which is enormous and breathtaking. It's built inside of a huge, well, chandelier. It's three stories tall, with a bar on each story. I have to say I much prefer the bartenders back at Vesper.

If you head upstairs you'll find a little shopping area, which did little to impress me. However, there are quite a few good restaurants around the area, including Scarpetta (do yourself a favor and try the duck foie gras ravioli. You'll thank me later) and Holstein's Shakes & Buns.

If you're lucky enough to be staying here, ask, plead and beg for a room that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. It's one of the best views in Vegas. But even if you're not fortunate to be blessed with a great view, the rooms are outstanding.

They're wired to the max. Every room I've stayed in has had a living area and a bedroom, with ample space for each. The couch in the living area is comfortable, and a perfect place to relax with a little TV or simply collapse if you don't have the energy to make it to the bed. The beds are uber comfortable. The bathrooms are huge, and depending on the room have a clear glass wall separating you from the shower area.

If you're not lucky enough to get a room with a view (either of the Bellagio, or of the shorty you brought back to your room showering), you may still be lucky enough to have a balcony. Yes - balcony. Perfect for relaxing with a nice cigar and a couple of friends swapping Vegas stories.

Having stayed here several times now I must admit I'm spoiled. I can't imagine staying anywhere else on the strip. Posh. Great rooms. Amazing atmosphere. Central strip. Great views. Remarkable staff. This is my home in Vegas.
This pplace was fun. We entered and the left side was carved with grass which looked very beautiful. Lot of flowers blooming. A variety of plants had been planted, from cactus to kale and many more. 

We walked along a trail which was really good. It had colourful trees (courtesy fall colours), a small waterfall but a lot and i mean a LOT of mosquitoes. 

But it was fun to be there. Ample parking space and place inside to for kids to play. It also has a small restaurant outside the garden.
I had the turkey burger with my choice of toppings and it was very good.  However, the service left a lot to be desired.  We ended up just leaving cash on the table and leaving because our server never came back to check on us.  We were outside and walked through the interior bar on our way out and it was pretty empty so I'm not sure why the service was bad that night??
I've tried the following steakhouses in Vegas:
Delmonicos
Gordon Ramsay
Gallaghers
Jean-Georges
STK

Not one of them gets a thumbs down because the steaks were really good.  I liked STK.  The steaks were great, but not the best I've had.  The lady servers are smoking hot, and very friendly.  The drinks are good, but if you go here, know that you are eating gourmet steaks in a bar like atmosphere.  Very noisy, not intimate at all, and that's okay if that's what you want.  

After the experience, I was pleased, but Jean-Georges stands out as the best I've had in Vegas, with Gordon Ramsay being a very close 2nd.  Almost too close to call.  STK doesn't get 5 stars like they do.
Almost metaphorically, this is the tip of the iceberg in Pittsburgh. It's very nice night or day, I recommend it for a jog or for a photography session.
I can't believe I am bothering to write a review for a Del Taco, but I cannot tell you how bad this location is. I don't go often, but they get my order wrong EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. Today they only gave me half my order, and the half they gave was wrong. I am so over calling that place to fix my order, it's really close to my house, but I will not be back. Employees are very whatever when they "apologize" too. They don't even seem genuinely sorry that I had to make to trips for my food. The food is also lower quality than other locations. Not enough cheese in their quesadillas, mostly crusty tortilla. I got a taco from here one time that was practically an empty taco shell. I asked them explicitly if something had sour cream on it, they said no, it did and I couldn't eat it because I hate sour cream. They are a hot mess over there.
5 stars for service, food, cocktails, and ambiance. Great view of the flats from the bar and dining room. Ken and  Lori are the nicest owners. They made us feel like we were part of their family.......Cheers!
Little spot with very little on the menu. Lemonade tasted liked it was spiked with alcohol which isnt a bad thing but for breakfast yes it is. The omelette was good. Potatoes way over cooked. French toast  had corn flakes on top. Never seen that before. Waitress was pleasant though.
My husband and I love this place, good breakfast setting in the nice neighborhood of Scottsdale Ranch.  They offer several choices for Eggs Benedict including a vegetarian choice.  However, the cook has a tendency to overcook the poached eggs...  But if you say someting about it to your server, they are very gracious and will replace it immediately to make things right.  They have a variety of coffee flavors, bottomless of course!  Healthy choices are available for the sportsminded or those who like to fill up on protein.  Good choices for the vegetarian eaters and yes, kid's meal is available too.  For those who are not big egg eaters, they have other choices too.  Lunch choices is on the menu. Service is good, super friendly staff.  Definitely worth a try!
We were in Vegas this past weekend on a family get away.  We watch Gordon on TV and we figured his restaurant had to be good given how he is a top chef.  So we came here and had burgers.  Well to say the least it was complete disappointment.  I had the truffle burger it was undercooked and they just tried to hard.  The ketchup was not even close to ketchup.  Both wife and kids were not impressed and not one of us finished our food.  Anyways good was overpriced and service was slow.  We could live with bad service, however, the food was lacking and Gordon's restaurant took something so basic as a burger and screwed it up trying to make it appear"Hollywood". Anyways save your self some time and money and get McDonalds.  Both are crap, but at least McDonald's won't let you down.  On the bright side TV has been great for Gordon's brand as we saw several restaurants with his name on it walking down the strip... Hope they are also not overhyped garbage for unsuspecting folks who believe what they see on tv.  Oh and at the end of the service they give you an iPad to review your service.  All questions are about the servers performance... Perhaps because they don't want feedback on how terrible their food is. What a let down!
We love Italian food and Jamie Oliver's products so we were pretty excited to try this place. I ordered the salmon- was overdone and dry. My friends ordered a magherita pizza which we found very bland. How do you get a magherita pizza wrong?! We've had better ones at at every other Toronto restaurant we ever ordered that at, even a couple of generic franchises. 

Also, a couple people ordered pastas and everybody was underwhelmed. No fresh Parmesan or pepper was offered. Prices were comparable to king st restaurants downtown, but the food and service were not. Will not be back. Disappointed,,, I think Jamie Oliver just sold his name to be slapped on the restaurant because the food served doesn't reflect his talent\/recipes.
Visiting from California and needed a trim so tried this place out today. Super cool (and hot)  girl (I think her name was Gail) worked on me and I am really happy! She was attentive and a perfectionist. Place has a cool vibe.
Will definitely repeat next time I'm in town.
I like Sports Bars for a couple simplistic reasons. The sports and the bar. So. Came here for lunch the other day and when I arrived at 11:45, it was DEAD. Like literally I was the only one there. But that's fine with me. (It filled up as the lunch hour approached) The bartender was friendly and when the tap for the beer I wanted broke, she was sweet and apologetic and recommended another beer that I might like while they replaced the keg. They didn't have Guinness or Blue Moon, Shocktop was the one that broke, so I went with the Hangar 24 Orange Wheat and it was good! The service for ordering and food was a little slow but nothing really to complain about. I watched Superbike Championships, ESPN and some spring training-no shortage of TVs. The menu was ok, not any more or less than a typical bar type menu. I had a chicken ceasar wrap and it was pretty good. The parking lot has a lot of construction and it's not in a very busy or popular shopping pad so my hunch is that they don't get a lot of business. But for a work lunch or to hang out and watch a game it's a pretty decent place. Not winning any Best Of awards or anything but the waitress\/bartender I had was pleasant and upbeat and that works for me!
This is somewhere I'd go maybe once or twice a year for a special occasion. The price runs, but you get what you pay for. This place is known for steaks and it does not disappoint. The appetizers and sides come in decent sizes as well. Their bread served with two different cheeses is delicious. When your food comes out, it's literally still cooking from the plate, which is great- shows that it's fresh. I would say to order your meat one above what you would usually - so instead of medium rare, get a medium. I get bad to send my steak back, but they did it without a hassle and were so kind. Bottom line up front, the steak is always fresh (juicy and flavorful), pricey, but worth it.
Pay show tow  = Peixoto. That's how you pronounce the family name who discovered this Brazilian coffee family business! And I'm glad they continued the local art of coffee! 

The gentleman behind the counter was very very knowledgable with each drink listed on the menu for each one that I asked as they were unique than the usual corporate coffee makers.

The entire area of seatings all were unique pieces and varied with a couple cozy couches, small coffee tables, large picnic like table and some high bar stools, etc. if I remember correctly. The Lighting was great during the day time. 

Their peppermint chocolate mocha was absolutely delicious and topped with their house made marshmallows, a sprig of fresh mint and a heart designed by the barista!! This dreamy beverage will capture your heart and soul!! 

Knowledgable and family-like staff and nice atmosphere to lounge around. Have to try the rest of the menu for the new year!
I ordered take out at flour last night. I had a gift card to use up. I called and decided to get dinner for my husband. I decided to order him a small lamb pasta. The small is 16.00 by the way. I went to pick it up and it was the smallest order I have ever seen in my entire life!! It was a side dish!! It was an even smaller portion then what you would get if your ordered chicken parm (at another restaurant) and got a side of pasta with it!! I was in such shock I actually went back in to inquire about this! The answer I got from the manager was that the pasta was homemade and they are in Moreland hills and they have to price accordingly. Sorry stupid answer. For 16.00 I could get a whole dinner with a salad and it would be 100 times better!! My husband ate it but was not impressed. So we will never go back. I would have been even more pissed off if I had paid for the food. Thank god I won that gift card!!! There are so many more restaurants with good home made food that will not try to rob you because of location!!! Don't eat here and support them!!! Terrible!!
I never thought I'd give a one star rating, but there you go, Mercedes-Benz of Chandler. I had an awful experience dealing with a salesperson who apparently never know what's happening and their customer service was just horrible. 
Just don't even bother to check out this place unless this is your last option.
It is getto the food service area is dirty and disgusting the tables were dirty this has been the worse sams i ever been to.
Health department should investigate
This is the absolute worst Ulta ever. The girls who work in there are so rude and not helpful at all. Been in there multiple times and every time I walk out of the store I'm annoyed and pissed off.
My favorite place to get poke here in Vegas. I highly recommend this place if you love poke! Im a little bit frustrated though because the last time I stopped by near the holidays, the young person in the back looked irritated and insulted us when my family and I came in 15 minutes before closing. I understand that coming in close to closing time can be annoying for workers but I just love it here so much and didn't have the chance to get some earlier in the day. 

Now I'm craving some poke again but I don't even know if I should come back. I enjoyed coming here but now It's not the same coming in knowing if I'll get bad service or not. Sorry for coming in even though you were still open for 15 more minutes? You don't got to be disrespectful just because you didn't want to serve anymore. Just cause your in a bad mood and want to go home doesn't mean you should put other people in a bad mood as well. I learned my lesson. Don't come in near closing time. The older guy (probably the owner) is always nice though. Hopefully when I come back he'll be the only one there.
When I'm told about a movie that is amazing, friends tell me about that same movie that completely changed their lives, there is media hype, I build up a certain expectation for my own experience.  More often than not, it falls far short. 

Ruby Watch Co. I have lived in Leslieville for a couple of years, and the name has come up more than a couple of times. For whatever reason, I have not had the pleasure of dining in this establishment until now. Tonight was the night.

Being completely hopeless with directions, my dining companion and I were relying heavily on the map on my iphone. Even though I'm quite familiar with the area, I just could not visualize where it was. The little pin was totally not where Ruby actually was! There is only so many times that one can walk past Jilly's without feeling somewhat...odd. 

Needless to say, we regained our bearings, and strolled in to meet our friends exactly on time for our reservation.  It was only 6:30 and the place was fairly humming with happy patrons. Our waiter greeted us in a timely fashion, giving us time to take off our jackets and say our hellos. 

The best thing about the prix fixe menu is the only thing you have to think about is what you are drinking. I had my standard vodka soda, which I have to say was served in a lovely shaped glass.  I felt a little rushed with the wine that we ordered with our meal, but I attribute it to the attentiveness of our server. (I was, after all, a little behind in drinking my pre-dinner cocktail).  I chose the wine based on the suggestion of pairing on the main.
The (red) wine had subtle fruity undertones with a smoky punch. I wish I could remember the name.  

Our first course was a wedge of iceberg lettuce with egg, delightfully sliced radish, thickly cut bacon (I'm sure they called it something else), oven kissed tomato with one thousand and one island dressing. The extra island was for the chili heat that they added to the dressing. Refreshing, delicious, certainly got me salivating. 

They also served chive and cheddar biscuits with the salad. They were still warm, broke apart perfectly in half, and were absolutely amazing. I could have eaten 17 of them. I probably will be dreaming about them tonight. 

The servers swooped in and cleared our (licked clean) plates in the most unobtrusive manner. Our glasses were carefully monitored and topped when needed. 

The main arrived. I'm ten years past the acronym generation but OMG. We had black kale (described on the menu as winter greens with creamed brown butter sauce, butternut squash with pumpkin seed pesto, smashed potato with shallots and blue cheese, and....beef flank, seared to perfection, with this wonderful smoky flavour that wasn't overbearing. It showcased the flavour of the beef. Seriously, it made my toes curl. The only thing that I could find wrong with this meal was that the meat was a little cold. Sadness. Very difficult to control though, as the room had a little bit of a cold breeze, and the meat was obviously intended to be served a certain way.  Our server dropped in and made sure that everyone got some of the delicious jus on their plate. 

Third Course; in preparation for the dessert, we received some sort of mild and sweet cheese (I didn't remember the name of the wine, I'm certainly not going to remember the name of the cheese after all that diligent glass topping). Along with the cheese, lightly toasted bread and fruity chutney rounded out the plate. 

Our friend (the birthday girl, the reason we went out) happened to not care for chocolate cake, which was being served as the dessert.  Our server accommodated her eagerly, and gave her a beautifully poached pear with cranberry and a sparkler. He even snapped a picture with his blackberry, handed it to me, and told me to email it to myself and my friends! The chocolate ganache was to die for.  

My only other complaint of the night was when I ordered an espresso, and they didn't have any Sambuca to go with it. The espresso was quite good. 

The place was tastefully decorated and down to earth, eclectic yet homely. Even in the washroom, the toilet paper rolled on a "pipe" that was crafted to appear as though it was some plumbing that went awry. Awesome!

All in all, a great night. Lynn Crawford was busy helping cleaning tables to turn them as we left, which is quite admirable!! Nice guys\/gals don't always finish last!  I am delighted to be surprised that Ruby Watch Co. lived up to all of the hype and then some.
Knick knacks galore!

Good place to find small gifts for people like Día de los Muertos items, hot sauce, leather belts, etc. I really liked that the prices were cheap, everything was organized but so much to look at! It was hard to take it all in. Perfect place for that memento from your trip to AZ.
Not bad, not bad!  Got here on a friday with an hour left of happy hour!  Sweet deal!  They have $3.50 well & $4 pints!!  Awesome for those of you that like to drink black and tan's or like a snakebite.  The little high top bar area had 2 tables open, so we squeezed them together and had plenty of room for us and those around us.  Our group ordered the mushrooms and zucchini, which I didn't try, but they said they liked.  I'm glad we stopped by this place, it was a great start before going back to Sens.  I will definitely go back for some real grub see how I like it.  Our server was great too, we had three rounds in the hour, PLUS she let us have separate tabs!  Not bad, not bad!
what a great hike! everything everyone else said is 100% true. Jason makes it work and I would not have been able to get to the top without him. its great to not have any worries because you immediately know you are in good hands with Jason. it is a great workout and a fantastic view. I was impressed with how friendly everyone was and the Christmas tree at the top was adorable. Jason used his water for the tree! sweet!
You go here when you feel like going H.A.M. You order the footlong chili cheese dog and cheese fries and large soda and then like a bad hangover you hate life the next day. Even talking about it makes me feel fatter, but you know I will go back for more! In all seriousness pretty good dogs but I only make it here about once per year.
Such a cute French bistro! Lovely little patio. Great service too. Nice date place with ability to carry on a conversation and also not being made to feel rushed by the servers. Beef bourguignon with frites was excellent. Will definitely return!
Warning ! Food Poisoning !!! Yesterday was the first and last time I visit the Bronze cafe. I went in during lunch hour and ordered a complicated order sandwich without tomatoes, a cookie, and a coffee. The staff seemed like they were in no hurry to help - there were four staff members that I could see behind the counter three of them were taking a really long time to do basic tasks but one girl was doing her job diligently. Some of the staff took people out of order in the line. So it had me thinking what was the purpose of the line???
When they finally brought out my food - the male employee comes out and starts whispering to the female employees about my order. I over heard him say that he put tomatoes on the sandwhich and was going to take it back-I could also see him about switch out the cookie for a new one- but the lady (his supervisor I guess) stopped him. They said some other things but could not understand them. I'm not one to send things back because I'm afraid that the employees will mess with the food ( spitting on it if you send it back, ect) so I take the sandwich home anyway and take off the tomatoes. I also like to give people the benefit of the doubt - he looked like a young guy maybe he was on training or new and didn't know.
Things went from bad to worse after I ate the sandwich. I started feeling nausea. Then throwing up so much that I almost went to the hospital for the food poisoning. I know that I got the FOOD POISONING from the Bronze cafe because the sandwich was he only thing I had that day. I was really disappointed to get food poisoning after seeing all the positive reviews - but maybe Bronze cafe has let those positive reviews get to their head and have begun slacking on their food preparation standards. I am a very disappointed and very sick former customer !


In response to Mr. David M.: I had my Dr. conduct a home visit. My Dris a licensed MD practicing medicine for over 20 years confirmed based on his in person  analysis of my symptoms, contents of my stomach, determination of what I had eaten, and his expert medical training and experience that I had received food poisoning because of the food from Bronze cafe. I am not aware of which medical school you went to. 

My review is not the only one on this Yelp page complaining of food poisoning, nausea, and vomiting after eating your cafe's food. See Jason S review March 2015. Perhaps if you spent more time on your food handling procedures and less time representing misleading information implying that your small staff eats every item on your large menu each day  you wouldn't have this problem.
If I could give 0 stars I would. Had a below average experience here. Great staff but bikowskis bed side manor is awful. Had to wait for about 20 minutes before he even came in and when he finally did he was very short and somewhat rude. He clearly didn't read my file because he thought he had already tried treatment. He left in a hurry so I hardly had time to ask questions.
Terrible service. The food tastes like someone drunk had a bbq on a mini hibachi outside of a Grateful Dead show. Management is the biggest problem, hands down, the staff is poorly trained, ill mannered, not helpful and flat out rude. Avoid this place like a Grateful Dead parking lot
If you're coming here expecting it to be like it used to you'll be slightly disappointed.  No more spicy or regular peanuts, no more real bacon bits,  no more spring mix,  watered down taco meat (too greasy),  watered down chili, no more Warm bread (just sitting out exposed to whatever little kids and other people might expose it to),  no more real butter on 'potato bar',  watered down cheese sauce (gross now!), soups aren't good any more and don't taste homemade like they used to... Seriously obvious they're cutting corners now.   Sweet Tomatoes or Sizzler for me from now on instead of here.

Just found out why... It has a new franchise owner.
Food and ambiance at Saddle Ranch area really 2.5 stars at most, but the service and drinks are always on point. I work right around the corner @ the Galleria, so my co-workers and I have had many lunches here. Our group averages about 12-15 people, and usually, that would mean bad service and\/or messed up orders. Not here at Saddle! Our drinks are never empty, food is always brought to the right person and the servers check on us regularly. Occasionally there are 2 servers, but it's usually just 1 and he\/she always executes it all flawlessly. He\/she also never has a problem splitting the bill. At the end of the meal, the manager usually hooks us up w\/ free dessert! 

I've also been here many times at night w\/ friends. We have a bartender friend so it's a great deal. ;-)
Soooooo much fun! My first time doing this type of game.  The staff was cool and laid back. The room was challenging but we made it through. We did the antidote one. All in all a good time.
I went there on Friday, Aug 16 for my friend's birthday party. They had a fire and we had to wait for more than 1 hour before being served which we could understand.  

We were seated on the front patio close to the street, the food was very good however the waiter was very rude as if the fire was caused by us. He spent a long time texting and looking at his phone instead of doing his job. He even disappeared a few times (went outside of the restaurant).  Each time we had to wait for a long time to get his attention in order to place our orders. In the end I had to give up on my dessert.

I hope the owner noticed this, they are losing business to hire a waiter like him.
Between several friends we've tried to make this place happen on numerous occasions. Every time the food is good. Service is wack. If we don't get one of the many rude waitresses, we get extremely slow service. Well come to think of it, every time we went there was extremely slow. Sorry Park, we all really tried to make you happen. We wanted to like you with your cool drinks, good looking menu and sweet decor. You just made it so damn difficult. 

Oh. And your tap water tastes very very off. I'm a local and so far yours is the only place that I've questioned the source of tap water.
I used to come here a quite a bit. It's close to me, I've had to take a few things back due to error of food items ordered to given. I just had my worst and final bad experience. A kid named Lonzo handed me back my change, coins on top of bills but he didn't really hand it, just kind of not looking at my hand kind of handed it to me. I caught the bills but the coins went flying. He said ooops I'm sorry, giggled then shut the door. I actually wanted the coins this time. I might have let it slide most other times but this time I wanted them. So when he opened the door to give me my food,I asked him to replace the coins. He said I can't just take coins out of the register. I said, well your the reason they went flying. He said no it's not. I repeated I'd like the coins, I explained I would be contacting the main office. He shut the door. I honked my horn he looked and walked away still giggling. Another employee heard my horn and came over and opened  the door, asked what was the problem. I said I want my change. She opened the register and gave me the coins. I left. I will never go back. That was insane, rude, horrible service.
Came here for lunch the other day with my mother. All I have to say is I can't wait to go back. The food was amazing! We had the five mixed appetizer and the chicken kebab. Both were fresh and so flavorful. For dessert we had the Turkish cake in syrup and Turkish tea. It was delicious. A place I will revisit many times.
Based on weekday lunch special.

Decor\/atmosphere, place is okay.  Nothing special, there are booths for small groups.  There isn't much in terms of seating though (I imagine roughly 25 people can be seated).

Food, I ordered the salmon teriyaki and the food was good.  Nothing special, and you get what you pay for.  The portion size is decent for the salmon and rice but the salad was actually a lot larger than I expected.  The miso soup that was included was nice and hot.

Service, no issues here.  Seated quickly, server came to take my order, came by when I was done and asked how things were.

Cost, for $6, you get a variety of choices for your meal which will come with soup & salad or vegetable tempura (various teriyaki like chicken or salmon, and a few roll options).  It is a good deal, although all sushi shops in the are are roughly the same price.  Down the street at Sakura, for $1 more, you get 2 gyoza, and a california roll.

No problems with the place, but this is based on my lunch experience.  At other things it may differ.  I wouldn't say don't come, but all the sushi in the area tastes very similar to me.
Horrible food, terrible service, long wait. Just horrible. I ordered delivery, they sent me the most disgusting tasteless food ever, I order something else instead and it's been over an hour ... Still no food. I live five minutes away.
The dinner was forgettable and the show was odd. The restaurant was so loud I could barely hold a conversation. 

I had certain expectations for this place and it is Vegas, but the show look like it was some cheap rendition of a strip club and circus. The comedy was slapstick, the seats moved for some reason, and a super skinny lady stripped with hankerchiefs. There was also a lame bit with a pomeranian and a cannon. Yes, a real dog was placed in a cannon and an obviously stuffed dog was shot out. Take your money and go to a real Vegas show.
We were in the mood for Mexican and decided to give this place a whirl. There was a wait for the restaurant, but tables at the bar, so we sat at the bar. Chips and salsa were brought immediately as well as our drink order. I thought none of the salsas were particularly hot (I love spicy) but had decent flavor. I had enchiladas and my hubby had the fajitas. Our meals were fine. There wasn't anything wrong with anything, just nothing memorable or special I guess. Our waiter Paul was excellent. He had all the tables in the bar full and running smoothly, he was quite impressive!
Very average. I tried this place 3 times and tried almost 75% of the menu. Wish they offered better quality of food. Sorry.....but won't be returning.
My No.1 favorite Frozen Yogurt in Phoenix!
Always cheap and have new options of delicious flavor!
Went last night with my husband and daughter. We've been before for the teppanyaki, and have always had a good time. Our server was ok, we ordered our drinks and they were brought out. The chef came out to make our food and it was great!  Our daughter had a good time watching him cook. We tipped our chef when he was finish and went on to enjoy our meal. At the end when the bill came, we discovered that our server had tacked on a 20% tip for himself.  I under automatic gratuity for large parties, however, there were three of us. This automatic tip is not posted anywhere on the menu, door, or hostess stand. Also, when the receipt came back, there was only the one to sign, the itemized one was gone. Looking through the reviews, it would seem this is a recent practice and also not a consistent amount. It really is coming across shady. I almost always tip a standard 20%, even for minimal service (like here, our server took and brought out our drinks, checked on refills towards the very end of the meal, and brought out our soup and salad bowls). I'm not a fan of being charged gratuity automatically, especially when it isn't posted as policy and seems to be an arbitrary amount.
The owner Shelly is awesome! This is definitely a sports bar. I know that some bars have their favorite sports teams..this is definitely a (Colorado) state oriented bar. Karaoke is great here..usually Chelsea is hosting the festivities. My favorite thing about this bar is the chicken tenders! Best I have ever had.
I went in for an A\/C tune up and was told I needed brakes too. Normally I would have been skeptical but, I did some price checking and found I was being offered a very fair price with their monthly specials. Ask about these! Plus, I hadn't had my brakes replaced in years. When I got my car back, my A\/C was 100% better - better than new even. My car no longer squeaked when I backed up and the new brakes felt amazing. $275 for new front brakes and A\/C isn't bad at all. Staff (Nick?) was friendly, thoughtful, timely and understanding of my schedule.
This is by far the worst McDonalds ever, I really hate that I have to take this time and write this, I don't understand why the manager was so rude, he messed up me and my friends order and he even yelled and left us waiting for our food for over 20 minutes 
We are outraged honestly.
I really believe they need to have a talk with that manager it's 12:30am in the morning and he yelling and making mistakes on people's orders.
Great wait service. Strong drinks from the bar. (yeah!) Overall, VERY average food. Fried rice, pad-thai noodles, Mongolian Beef - VERY average. I think there is a big vat of food that all of the Station Casinos share and it is sent via mail shoot\/tube. It all tastes like it came from a buffet line. What gives? Skip it. Unless you have a buy one - get one free coupon.
Friendly staff.   Fresh food.  If there during the summer, check in on any watermelon margaritas.  Kim knows how to make some great specialty margaritas.   They aren't afraid of the spice of you crave it (ceviche, chorizo, salsas....).  Yum!
I eat here on a regular basis, probably at least five to six times per month (yes, we don't cook at home, so plent of opportunities for dining out each week). As a couple, or in a larger group, we've never had a bad experience at Roosters. I'm truly amazed that I have read some negative reviews. Everything is ala carte with reasonable prices. I don't usually eat chicken, but have had theirs, both regular and BBQ, and have found it to be exceptionally good. My favorites are the short ribs (very tender and flavorful) and the onion soup (incredibly rich). When it's offered, which is only when they can get a special local tomato in season, the BLT is absolutely wonderful. Service is exceptional, team approach with some taking order, others delivering the food. The roosters on the wall are interesting and a unique decor. An excellent choice for groups (they have a second set of tables across the hall) and I don't think you can go wrong eating here. My one negative is that the corned beef hash on Sunday brunch is not your typical hash, not bad, but not at all what I expected (so there, I can find some fault, but really had to work at it).
Went here a few times. Love love love my oysters. Kevin is an awesome server. Kept my cousins and I laughing. We got lucky and went there when it wasn't so packed. The rice is a big serving size. Might want to share if you don't eat a lot of rice. Oysters are always great and we love the shrimp! :)
My friend and I picked this place for dinner, knowing nothing about it other than it served Mexican. Everything we ordered was delicious, and our server was friendly and attentive. The place itself looked kind of haphazard and messy in terms of cleanliness, and there's only one stall for each bathroom.
This is the little zoo that could.  It's not a destination.  It's a place to go because you're here anyway.  But they are working to improve their exhibits over time and updating their enclosures.  It's just a very slow process.  The bear enclosures are the same I think from when the zoo was originally built.  The otter enclosure looks great.
So yes, it's a bit depressing to go here and see the sad bears.  Especially if you've been spoiled by other zoos.  But kids love it.  The staff does care.  And they're working to make it better.
We had a very interesting conversation with the orang keeper when we were there about the orangs, their personalities and what she was trying to do to improve their living conditions.  It made me want to whip out my checkbook right there and help them out.  Or maybe go to Home Depot and pick them up a swimming pool.
4 stars for free and a fun kid destination.
Omg I went out of my way to look for Filipino food, saw FV Foods & decided to go, 1st hard place to find parking.  The BBQ was ice cold & hard, like it wasn't cooked long enough & the adobo was bland.  Couldn't even finish nor enjoy the food.   What a waste of my hard earned money, so disappointed!!  Bought this round ball on a stick, that was even worse, it was so hard you couldn't bite into it, had to throw it out.  I will never recommend this place nor eat there again.
I never tried the Pho or Vietnamese food before, I tried the rare beef soup, and I like it. 
The large bowl is indeed large, I couldn't finish it, and btw, the prices are pretty reasonable. 
It is a bowl of very hot beef stock, with rice noodles and some rarely cooked beef slices on top. 
As soon as you dip the beef in the soup it fully cooks which I found interesting! 
It comes with some veggies ( sprouts, sage, onions I think) on the side that you would through in to blanch. 
The stock tastes great, and the meet has no spices on it, which I'm guessing that's how it is done in Vietnam. 
The menus has a nice variety, and on the Saturday I came in, the place had a good crowd. 

The service is friendly and warm, and everyone gets free jasmine tee with their orders. 

I will definitely visit again to try other items.
As far as dim sum places go this one seems to be fairly middle of the road. It's a very solid bet if you're in the area and we had no complaints at all when we went.

The food is good. We ordered about 8 dishes (including the usual dim sum staples of various shrimp and pork dumplings), and while nothing stood out as truly amazing, they were all quite decent. The one dish I will recommend if you have a sweet tooth is the sesame balls. The outside has a nice sweet crunch and the inside has a more mellow, smooth paste. Eaten warm it's quite a treat. My friend and I each had one, and even though I was already pretty stuffed at that point, we split the last one too (it's best eaten when it's hot right? Anything else would just be irresponsible).

The service was also quite good. Everything was brought out to us extremely quickly and the staff were able to answer some of the questions we had. Enjoy your dim sum!
Unfortunately, the food was mediocre.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  To start, I had the Zucchini ribbons.  They were probably the best part of my meal.  Next I had the shrimp bisque.  It was salty and average.  To be fair, I'm very picky when it comes to soup.  My salad was the wedge salad.  It had a nice mix of ingredients.  My gripe here is that it was very cold and tasted like it had been refrigerated for it bit.  My entree was the gruyere and sherry chicken with Mash. Potatoes and asparagus.  It was just ok.  I had higher hopes for Andora.  The people were nice and the environment was very nice!
Went here because you know who had a wait out the door again so I thought I'd give this a go and I have to say that I was very surprised. I think this place beats out Monta. The ramen here as described by many others is a little heavier and has that al dente bite to it. The chashu pork is thicker and isn't a small little sliver. And I know this is super weird to say but it actually feels good in there temperature wise. I know many may think who the f- cares, but that's huge when it'll be the summertime soon and you're trying to put down a bowl of hot ramen. At Monta you're right where the kitchen is and sometimes the sun hits that window at that perfect magnifying angle where its just hot (insert hooker in church joke here) but Ramen Sora doesn't have that issue so I like that. Additionally, the service is friendly and quick.

The only thing I can say that Monta beats them out on is the broth. The broth didn't jump out at me like Montas tonkotsu-shoyu ramen. Also, theres no napkin dispenser, they just lay down one napkin. I know weird, but when you eat with a messy eater who keeps spilling soup all over himself like he's literally trying to wash his face with it, one napkin won't cut it. (Dont worry,  your sloppy table manner secrets are safe with me Steve). Outside of that though, I will definitely stop by this place first when I'm craving ramen.
After visiting the normal chains to help a friend buy an engagement ring we stopped at Shane. The service was amazing, the selection was larger and it seemed we would get much more for our money, not to mention their unrivaled service warranty. My friend had a small stone fall out. Shane Co replaced it hassle free and she had her ring back within a week. 

When my now husband and I got engaged we only went to Shane and had another great experience.
Kay & Young is the default floral shop for all my motherly needs. So when it came time to fancify my wedding, we knew where to go.

My god, the patience of Mary (and Chris too, he's okay) is boundless. This may sound similar to my ring shopping review [*], but putting up with my WIFE (it's new for me, deal with it) when in wedding-mode is a stress test for any human being, let alone any vendor. Yet somehow, Mary drew upon deep and vast stores of energy to bear the full brunt of my lady's voracious floral appetite, fending off wave after wave of "what about roses in these colours," "no no, those arrangements must be fuller," and "don't you have branches that are taller?" When the dust finally settled, Mary had talked my partner off the precipice (read: they knew their product, and what was seasonably available at the time). 

Come the day of the wedding, Mary slavishly produced a dazzling and baffling sixty (60!) mason jar arrangements for our tables (and she hates mason jars). Honestly, they looked stunning. You know how they have those table games to see what winner (loser) gets to take home the table arrangements? People actually wanted them at my wedding.  That's right bitches.

Anyway, good job Mary (and Chris). Helped us pull off an awesome day. Prices were reasonable (but it's a wedding, so I don't even know what that means anymore).

* http:\/\/www.yelp.ca\/biz\/manning-fine-jewellery-oakville#hrid:r_F3qpRk5y3ZWsKvjZTtMg
The previous review 14 days ago is INCORRECT.  It was not this towing company, it was 1st Class Auto Transport.
The food here tastes like home. Very quaint and family run place. The sambar, the saffron-colored garlic chutney and filter coffee are amazing. They are open till 10pm on weekends.
This place has a very casual atmosphere while offering high end spirits and service. The menu is a mix of southwestern and comfort souls food. We started the meal off with craft beer and empanadas. For my entree I elected to get the Red Velvet Chicken and Waffles as well as the Street Corn. I was not disappointed with either. The chicken and waffles were paired nicely with vanilla maple syrup and a spicy remoulade sauce. The corn was covered in cheese and spices. Like I said the service was awesome and the location off of Freemont street is great. Highly recommended.
I had french toast the first time. It was gud. They put cornflakes on it cuz that's the best way to do it. 2nd time I wasn't feeling gud and so the server said to have the soup and it was gud and made me feel better. so have the french toast if you're feeling gud or have the soup.  Pot of bread is not a literal pot of bread.
We catered for an event. Everyone was super happy with the food and they have a good assortment of polish food mostly.
THE ADDRESS IS WRONG ON HERE! THE ACTUAL ADDRESS IS 17570-- 17550 IS A WINE DEALER!!!

Okay, this is my first of what will be at least three, possibly more, reviews for Sei Bella\/Andrea.

The room that she rents in the Boutique is nice, smells good and is well kept. If you get to your appointment early and the door is closed to Suite 30, take a stroll around to the other shops in the building-- there are some cute clothing stores, hair salons, nail salons, etc. etc. 

If this is your first time getting waxed, you need to tell her. You need to tell Andrea that you are terrified and want this to be as painless as possible-- and then she will give you tips on how to alleviate some of the pain.  Now, it's going to hurt, no matter what, so no matter what breathing technique you use, or however much of that numbing spray you douse yourself with, the pain is going to get you.  It's worth it though, so deal with it!

She was quick, and used a mixture of hard wax and soft wax-- depending on how much hair she lifts with the wax, she may or may not bring in the tweezers.

I didn't get burned.
She didn't miss any large patches.
She did leave some wax stuck to my butt and thigh, but not enough to be upset about.
I'm only hesitant about giving five stars at this point because it's the first time I've gone-- I will update the rating based on each experience.

At this point, I would recommend her because she's super fast and she didn't make me feel like I was hanging out on a table in the middle of the room, with my legs in the air, butt ass naked from the waist down.

And that is hard to do, because I was.
The food was great; with organic and vegan options. It was a little slow to come out and our pizza was ridiculously expensive. Otherwise it was a good experience; great atmosphere and nice workers
Went with my wife to try this place on Sunday for brunch before taking her to the airport. We were met quickly and taken to a dirty booth. A young kid came over right away to clean it, but his dad was dirty and do it was not coming clean. Finally taken to another table to be seated. Unfortunately she was just the hostess as there must be some communication failure as a server did not come to us for quite some time.  I finally made eye contact with another employee who most of notified or server.  The server then came by and offered what I interpreted was a half hearted "sorry for the wait" and asked if we knew what we wanted. My wife said she would like some water. Yes, she acknowledge our delay in service but did not think to bring two waters with her. The server replied "do you know what you want to eat?" We have our order and she brought our water and coffee. About 10 minutes of conversation with my wife went by when another young fella came by to ask if anyone had taken our order, joking I had said yes, but I'm not sure where she took it. We all smiled. Hindsight, I guess I should have specifically asked him to check on our order.  After a while I've reached the end of my patience. I got the attention of another server and she in turn talked to our server who went to check on our order. Again some communication break down as the kitchen never got our order.  We finally got our food. I won't comment on the food because I'm sure my tastes were biased by the experience to this point. Our food was comped, but management never came to talk with us. Sad, because a friend once told me "a bad experience is a chance to earn a lifelong customer." There were many of constructive feedback that could have been given to improve upon customer service with this experience, but no one asked. Even with plenty of time set aside for breakfast, we ended arriving to the airport 25 minutes behind schedule.
Memories that last forever. I'm 17 and I've loved this place since I was a kid! Going there for the week after I turn 18. Such a great place to have fun!!
It's not often I am so disappointed in a place of business. I will definitely never visit this restaurant again. We stood near the hostess stand for nearly 5 minutes before anyone even greeted us. Our food took about 3 times longer to be served than it should have. Being vegan and gluten-free, I had no options other than a very plain, dry salad. None of the dishes I inquired about could be modified, because apparently they all come pre-packaged. Pathetic!!
After being inundated with images of pies for Pie Day, the next day had me searching for a good pie place and luckily my search led to Wiseys. I swear you could smell the sweet fragrance of pastry and meat from the beginning of the block. The place itself is small, cheery and compact, with a line of counter seats facing the street and two tables in the back. Think take-out counter but with enough seating for maybe 3 groups. 

I tried both the lamb and sweet potato pie and the steak and cheese pie. Both were delicious but I'm always biased to lamb so it won my vote. They don't come with any sides or anything else, but these little pucks of pastry are surprisingly filling. The pastry is thicker than what I'm use to but it perfectly balanced the amount of flavorful juicy fillings inside. I will definitely be back before the next Pie Day comes around again.
This has to be the worst place I have ever eaten. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich. The bread was wet on the bottom and something on the sandwich smelled odd - not sure if sandwich or bread. Chicken salad must have been canned and was rubbery. French fries also smelled and had weird taste like they haven't changed oil. The kicker was the $17 Bloody Mary - I took one sip, and couldn't drink anymore. As someone who loves these, either they don't know how to make them or they have a bad mix. By the way, my colleague ordered margarita pizza, which looked like it was frozen - hardly any cheese, and I guess the few sprinkles of basil made it margarita. Either way - everything tasted bad and was way below expectations. The waiter quickly cleared our half eaten plates without comment. Other tables appeared similar. The waiter did ask about the Bloody Mary, if I wanted to take it in a plastic cup. I said I did not like it, and the reply was that others do. There was no offer for reimbursement, and this $17 drink sit full as we left. Terrible all around. Go anywhere else or starve - you are better off.
I stopped by here recently and was hooked! I've only tried their Yellow Curry, but it's SO good! The portion is also very generous! I put it on Quinoa instead of rice and can get at least 4 meals out of it. Perfect homey feeling comfort food. YUM!

Definitely looks like a hole-in-the-wall kind of place as it's lacking in personal touch, but don't judge a book by its cover ;)
My brother-in-law and I stopped here for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. We were seated immediately and the place was not crowded. Our service was quick and complete making it a nice place to eat and get back to gambling.

We shared an appetizer of mozzarella sticks and a side of waffle fries to go with our two burgers. We both went with the standard burger and I got blue cheese on mine.

We both thought the food was good and worth the price (given the standard Vegas premium). The mozzarella sticks came with a spicy marinara. The waffle fries were lightly seasoned. And the burger came with just the right amount of blue cheese. We would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick burger lunch at The Mirage.
Great games, outstanding service!

Michael, the owner, is willing to introduce you to the perfect game- just ask him. He walked us through each aspect of what we were looking for and made recommendations on what game would be fun for us. We go back all the time- thanks to Michael, we have a couple of new games to keep us and our friends busy each weekend. 

If you want a great new game from a locally owned business, head over to Sweet Thrills. They even have games from local game designers.
Avoid CenturyLink at all costs! This service is garbage.

In 4 calls over the last 3 days they haven't been able to even verify my account in less than 20 minutes in order to let me tell them why I called. This is both using their live chat and by calling them.

I paid extra to purchase their modem and I'm on my 2nd hardware failure with it this week.

This company is horrible - their service is horrible - I highly recommend you find any suitable alternative by any means necessary.
When visiting Montreal, each meal is an opportunity that must be taken very seriously! With so much incredible food in one city you much choose wisely when in town for a long weekend. Confusion was recommended to my boyfriend and I by a friend. It's a tapas style restaurant with a fusion take. 

Although not everything we had was to my fancy, it was a memorable meal none the less. The decor really goes far in creating the atmosphere of this place with cozy tables, dim lighting, and swinging seats throughout. However we were here for the food! We weren't terribly hungry so we opted to share a couple plates. We had the scallops with came with polenta and a chimichurri sauce. It was absolutely divine. The scallops were cooked to pure perfection. To go with we also ordered the octopus. My boyfriend quite like it but I'm still on the fence when it comes to the eight legged species in general. It was well cooked  but any time I eat octopus I feel insanely guilty. I know how intelligent they are, and it makes it hard for me to enjoy eating them. Plus the salsa was too salty for my palate. 

To finish we has the fondant au chocolat which left us both in a happy place. I would come here again, but with a larger group to be able to try a greater variety of dishes.
We ate here quickly before heading into Penn & Teller.  I chose Indian because as a vegan, there is generally meat-free stuff on the Indian menu.   The service was stellar, the ambiance was lovely.  The food, not so much.  I had Eggplant Bhata and though I asked for extremely spicy, the governing flavor was salt. It was nearly inedible.  For the value of my few bites, it was a very expensive fail.  We would have done better at a storefront Indian place.   My sons and husband had just okay food.  We don't need to go back.
What a waste of space. The "service" is abominable, do not use your time in Vegas at this place. Overpriced food attempting to be chic, horrible selection of beers unless you're a metrosexual hipster that pretends to love swill and horse water (a euphemism). 

Honestly, I'd be surprised if any of the food isn't prepackaged. It might as well be the cardboard packaging itself, as both my wife's and my food were totally bland and utterly tasteless.

Again, the service... Don't go here unless you enjoy being ignored. And if you do wish to be ignored, why not go across the street to Dick's Last Resort where there is at least comedy entertainment value. Whoever imagined this place was sorely mistaken. Don't be fooled, the menu items appear palatable and creative, they aren't. The service appears friendly and expedient, it isn't. People were dissatisfied in droves. 

Eat here if you want to take part in disappearing Vegas history, because this place is about to be demolished for something bigger, better, and grander.

Bleecccchhh!
Having a great day? Go to this post office for a guaranteed foul turn of events. Poor service, poor parking lot, all the workers are 100% mad at the world. If you are not getting yelled at then you are standing helplessly without anyone assisting you. Heaven forbid you ask a question. I suggest either moving in line silently with your head down, avoid eye contact with employees. or just pay the extra postage at fedex or UPS, 100% worth it. This post office is equivalent to a Wal Mart visit.
Wife I and about 20 friends had a wonderful time here not one person had a complaint I had walleye and the wife had perch, Excellent! Excellent! Excellent! Hot and fresh and the dirty rice was awesome.The wait staff were Great took care of our every need and we put them to work but they did their job with a smile. I so look forward to going back especially when the patio is opened up!!
Went here while on vacation. I was staying at the Cosmo and saw this cute place and decided to try it. Their milkshakes are really good, however I'm pretty sure there is no alcohol in them even though they claim there is. If there is, it's not much because I detected none. We all enjoyed our burgers as well. I recommend this place for sure if you want a burger and shake. We also only waited about 20 minutes for a table on a Saturday night.
This is real Chinese food, including dry pots. But there is a variation of Ma Po Tofu that is super yummy. A lot of times you'll find a so-so dish prep that is pretty much a sin on those poor little tofubies. But here, they do not sacrifice themselves in vain. Bathed in a truly spicy sauce with wonderful flavor, the dish shines. Nom.
I LOVE their bathrooms! Mainly because I had to hide out in them for over 30 minutes because I had a guy follow me from another lounge here. He was starting to get so annoying and rude to the bartender and demanded attention, showing off his many black creditcards and namedropping his own name (!) all over the place. 
I was more into someone else and not him which pee'd him off more and I went and hid. Long story short: the bathrooms are FANTASTICLE! really ellegant and once you figure out how to turn on the water in the sinks you are good to go! 
The lighting in there makes even the biggest cellulite bump dissapear. 
The music is really good and the food is better. 
The bartenders are really nice people, so be nice to them people!! 

The lines are long at the club so go eat first then go upstairs. Its worth it and good pick up place if you are into little asian chickeroos.
I reserved a table for 20 people for a birthday dinner and TC's Rib Crib set it up on time and were great meeting the demands of our larger group. It's a lovely mom n pop business. The food was delicious including the BBQ chicken! I would recommend the family platter for a group of 4!! You get 4 meats, 3 sides, fries and cornbread. Plenty!!!

CONS:
-I would only return using the $10 for $20 YELP deal
-they were out of rib tips AND brisket!
-plastic utensils. I would have expected at least real serrated knives for cutting the meat
very cheap and very good chicken wings !  will be  coming here  more often . loved the fries also but they had a lil to much salt
I've been here several times now. I haven't been disappointed with the food yet. The spicy shrimp pasta made with sriracha, tomatoes, and herbs is delicious. The burger with fried green tomatoes and provolone is juicy and tender. The flatbreads are classic and simple. 

Their location overlooking the Container Park is prime real estate with the outdoor patio perfect for people watching. I hear they have happy hour as well. 

The only reason I took a star off is because the food takes a long time to prepare. Perhaps they have a small kitchen, but even then the wait time shouldn't be as long as it is every visit.
Do not order this for delivery. It was a thrown together, greasy mess of soggy bacon, all the sour cream in Pittsburgh, and an occasional piece of chicken on the pizza that someone apparently just threw some lettuce on. Atrocious. I've never had such a bad delivery order. 10\/10 will not order from here again.
We were in the mood for Italian food and decided to try this restaurant out. Were very surprised by the ambiance of the restaurant and how great the service was.  Food was excellent and flavorful.  We will definitely be back!
YUM YUM YUM!!  The Kobe beef burger was off the charts delicious and the red velvet milkshake (with liquor of course) was like drinking a red velvet cake through a straw. 

My husband liked that there were TV's in all the booths as he could watch some sports while we waited.  I appreciated the fast and efficient service!

My only dislike here would be that the only burger on the kids menu was one mini burger.
We went opening night and expected it to be a little rough around the edges while the staff was still getting into their groove but service was wonderful and the food was excellent! We got a pizza and rotisserie chicken - they did not disappoint - but the dipping sauces are amazing and should be ordered with everything!
Very nice zoo....what was open anyway. We went today and nearly all of the concessions were closed. Big deal when it's 100 degrees out. Also with many of the exhibits closed it was a bit pricey. Many areas under construction but it looks like the new additions will be a great add to this zoo.  Recommend you wait a couple months so the park can get caught up on its projects and the heat goes down.
This is the best sushi I've had to date!! Every time we get great service and Julian always takes great care of us at the bar! Top notch
I'm usually pretty happy. Except for the cashier who is all in your grocery business. Today I did a late night shopping and was disappointed I had to check myself and bag all my groceries.  The machine likes to give you a major hard time. Looking up vegetables was a pain! Call button is ignored!
I'd give the food 4 or 5 stars, but the service --not so much.  We sat down in a crowded bar and expected to wait a bit, but got attention from the bartender right away.  Got our drinks right away too, but ask for a minute to decide what to order.  That was the last time we saw the bartender.  After 20 minutes (10 minutes after the bar emptied out and it wasn't even busy) we finally got  served.   Not the first time with poor service.
Perfect place to have your eyebrows, mustache or faciale hair removed 
They are fast, price is decent. No need to make an appointment.
Eye brows is $10 and Lips are $5
looks like they offer a special on mondays and tuesdays $7 for eyebrows.
I bought a Year Card $150 to do my eyebrows whenever it please me without nothing out of pocket beside the tips and any eyebrows are us location.

my favorite location is the one on rainbow and post by dunkin' donuts. Huma is the one who usually take care of me :) she is off on sundays and mondays.
Unbelievable ...this new burger joint delivered to our business a great looking menu.   No prices on menu items.   We called the store to order and use the coupons,  however we get a recording on hours, & location etc.    They do not take telephone orders for pick-up and offer delivery for $4 thru a third party company.   I asked Dwight (mgr.)?  ... how can you be in business and not have a live person answer the phone .... take questions ... take an order etc.   He said sorry we don't do that ...   I give it maybe 6 months before they close .... remember Las Vegas has hundreds of places to eat.   Service is King!    Good Luck Flippin Burgers... I just Flipped you off my list!
Ridiculous up sell concept. You want more money? Then don't lie to your customers telling them they require a special kind of oil that costs double what the dealer puts in the car. Had you not practiced this unethical business concept, you would have repeat customers. There will never be another dime spent at Danny's by our family. We will spread the word to our friends as well.
I love this place! We always order for delivery and it's here fast and hot, definitely recommend it!
Very good and yes a little on the pricey side.  Half Desperado sandwich and Half Mediterranean salad were both on point.  $9.00.  Definitely more of a grab n go place..limited and weird seating in an old yet beautiful conference room.  I would say that the Desperado sandwich was the best sandwich I have eaten i downtown CLE for sure.  I am still thinking about the multi grain bread and apricot spread...just a great mix of flavors in that sandwich...and the balsamic vinaigrette from my salad was great.  Hubs liked his roast beef on sourdough and small Caesar salad.  We will definitely go back!  Great little find.
THE WORST BUYING EXPERIENCE EVER. Peter Kinum is a name I will never forget and doing business with Findlay Chevrolet is a mistake I will not repeat. I caution you that if you are looking to be "SOLD" this is the place to go. There is no accountability for sales gone wrong. 

Mr. Kinum was rude, condescending, and immature. He fooled us with his fake charm when we were purchasing the car but when a problem arose, he certainly reminded me of the questionable used car salesman my parents had always cautioned me about. 

The one saving grace in this experience was Tony (Constantine) he was upfront and honest at every turn. He took every opportunity to apologize for a horrific experience. 

This may be only a single review but for those reading this let this be a warning. If anything goes wrong with your deal you will quickly realize this is the WRONG dealership to do business with. In addition, I love my car, I love Tony, and the service department is awesome. 

But you can be SURE that everywhere I go, I tell the long long version of my ugly experience at Findlay Chevrolet of Las Vegas.
We had the pleasure of working with Franco and his team (Tim and Jen) and they made our cash out refi process as painless as possible.  Customer service is exceptional and they always kept me in the loop as we worked through the various stages of the refi.  I would highly recommend Sierra Pacific Mortgage!!!
Oh my goodness I can't possibly say enough about this show.... Absolutely FABULOUS!!! This was by far the best show we saw on our trip to Vegas this year! And will absolutely be on our itinerary for trips to come!!! So interactive, energetic, hysterical and just down right fantastic!! We were all smiles from the moment it started and hours after it ended. I can honestly say my cheeks hurt from laughing so much.
At first I loved this place- clean, close, convenient, but the few times I've been there Ive witnessed the owner being downright rude and outright racist. Can't support these people.
The main reason to go to Don and Charlie's is the great atmosphere. If you are a sports fan then this is the place for you. The memorabilia is amazing. Every where you look there is something to do with sports. Great place during Spring Training. Food is good a decent steak and martini. Great blue cheese dressing.
She was excellent!!! I felt so great when I was finshed she asked the color tan I would ideally like to be and made that happen!! It looks amazing!! I will for sure be going back soon!
This was our first, but definitely not our last visit at this little hole in the wall burger place. The place is small, but clean. The woman that took our order was helpful and friendly. I had the Fiesta Burger and my hubby had the Bacon Cheese Burger both with fries. We both loved our burgers. Green chilies were fresh with lots of flavor. The bacon burger had really good bacon on it. Both had fresh lettuce and tomatoes, we order with no onion. Fries were perfectly crisp! Everything came out fast and hot. When we were done the man that cooked the burger Oscar asked how everything tasted. He was so nice and friendly. Oscar even gave my husband a nice hand shake and invited use to come back! It's the little things that keep people coming back and we will be back. The only negative was we were so stuffed we had no room left to try the milk shakes!
Great supermarket...has most foods that you need from around the world at really good prices
I know I can't handle the heat, because we ordered the chicken curry with level 2 and I was panting!  It's okay, it was super delicious . We also ordered pad see ew and it was not greasy or saucy, just the right amount of flavor . The prices weren't too bad either.
The makis and the nigiri were great, the fishes were very fresh and the difference can be tasted. The thing I was not a fan of was the poke bowl. Too much of the same flavour. Maybe if they had half portion it would have been better.

My fav were the bio salmon roll and the seared Waygu beef nigiri. 

The place is not good for bring kids what so ever, so don't do the same mistake as I do and bring a toddler. Strongly avoid doing that. Also there's no cooked food so it's really hard to give anything to my toddler.

P.s. Warm hand towels to clean at the beginning was a nice touch.
My only stop when I am craving Pho. When my family comes to town this is our dinner stop without a doubt! Spring rolls are good too.
I didn't know what to really expect when I first came in, a lot of Yelpers had been commenting that VLA had changed since they got more popular. Jacked up prices and less meat, I started to regret not visiting them when they were still in their shack. 

A friend paid me a visit at work so that we could go out for lunch, we had both never tried VLA so we decided to try it out. Walking in I looked at the menu and prices and wow, talk about over priced. On top of that, they charge you extra for the cheese which arepas normally have, so that felt like a rip off, that's like ordering a cheeseburger but you have to pay extra for the cheese, but I get it, they're trying to make money. I ended up ordering two arepas, a reina pepiada and carne asada, I also got a coke, my total, over $13 for such a small meal, the arepas are about the size of grocery store hamburger buns, so they're a bit on the small side.The cashier was very nice and helpful, my friend didn't understand what some things meant and she explained them to her. 

We didn't wait very long for our food to come out, maybe about 10 minutes tops. I first bit into the reina pepiada and it was really good, but after a few bites I was over the sauce which is made with avocados and cilantro. The carne asada was my favorite, the meat was finely chopped and it came with one leaf of lettuce and one sliced tomato, but the heat of the carne asada cooked the tomato so I picked it out, yuck. One thing I can't stomach is cooked tomatoes so next time I know to order it without it. Both arepas came with a decent amount of meat and both were flavorful as well. I loved their green salsa, it had the perfect amount of kick. 

Overall, I enjoyed my meal, price, not so much, but I will be back because they know how to make some pretty tasty arepas.
Went here on a Friday around 430 and it wasn't too busy then (of course it got busier as time went on), but food and servers were decent. They have 3 pool tables you can rent by the hour which was nice but watch out for the pillars that are right next to those tables! They can make some shots a lot more difficult than they need to be. If you want to bowl, get started before 6. Prices go from $8 per game with shoes to $50 per lane plus $8 per game with shoes.
1 star is far too generous of a review for this joke of an establishment. 
We were on the guest-list and since there wasn't anyone in line (I guess we should have taken that as a sign) we went directly up to the front instead of weaving through the ridiculous amount of velvet ropes (quite honestly, I don't get the point of all the velvet ropes if every time I've been in Vegas and have passed by, there never seems to be a line at this place) Well, the sad little security boy for the night didn't like that and said he wouldn't allow us to go in until we LITERALLY walked in a straight line weaving the velvet ropes. Since we were a big group (16 to be exact) we looked like morons but not wanting to ruin the night for our 3 friends whose bdays we were celebrating, we did it anyway. Once we got through him there was a manager that came up to us to apologized for "the humiliating treatment we had received" from the sad little security guard that was clearly having a "power trip."
We made it in and got some overpriced watered down drinks and danced along to pretty generic, monotone music. 

Now comes the part that I am COMPLETELY DISGUSTED with. We were heading out because we were so over the DJs lack of diversity and were trying to round up our whole group near the entrance when a HEAVYSET BEARDED SECURITY GUARD pushed one of the girls in our group. Of course when that happened we told him he needed to calm down and that we were trying to round up our group to leave. The same security guard took that as incentive to go ahead and push another one of the girls up against the wall and had her in a chokehold. This was a tiny 5'4, 120 pound girl that this 300 pound security guard felt the need to slam up against a wall?!?!? 
 At this point there was now 2 security guards holding two of the girls in chokeholds (GIRLS IN CHOKEHOLDS!!!! CLEARLY NO RESPECT FOR WOMEN) The guys in our group of course felt the need to intervene and tried to calm the security guards down and then, I'm sure you can guess what happens next, the guys get SLAMMED up against the wall, hands behind their back, and the "security guards" arms digging in to their necks. 
One of the guys was recovering from hand surgery so another one of the girls advised the security guards that there could be serious harm and even though our friend was letting them know that they were inflicting pain they chose to ignore all of us and continued to mangle his injured arm. 
At the end of this scuffle there where 3 girls that were pushed to the ground, slammed up against the wall, and one was even PUNCHED IN THE FACE!!! But yet, we were the ones that were treated as deplorables and pushed out?? 
When this matter was brought up to one of the "managers" outside, his response was that "they had every right" to push and punch the guys for intervening. Let me remind you that the reason that our guys felt the need to intervene was because THERE WERE 3, 200-300 POUND SECURITY GUARDS PINNING WOMEN UP AGAINST THE WALL AND CHOKING THEM. 

I am appalled that the Hakkasan Group would allow this type of sickening behavior to continue happening as I see that there are multiple reviews where various patrons have reported excessive aggressiveness and violence towards women. What a disgusting place!!
Just got back from Chelsea's Kitchen with my boyfriend on a nice Sunday afternoon early dinner. I heard about this place a few times from friends and decided we should go check it out. When we walked in the restaurant smelt tres good! We decided to sit outside - great choice there was a big fireplace and lots of heat lamps which I sat right underneath.  We asked the waitress what they had for happy hour (everyday 4-6) it was around 5. She recited the drinks but we had no idea what she was talking about when she said the food part of the happy hour. I understood nachos and we got that (minus the chicken, im a veg head) Those were good, they say it is a smaller portion of the Chicken Nachitos on the menu ($13) they were $8 (for happy hour) and pretty good, good portion of guacamole on top and we both enjoyed them. My bf got a beer (happy hr - $2.50) and I got the white sangria (happy hr it was half off $3.50) - pretty good, needs more fruit. However, I saw a table order the pitcher and we regretted not doing that (tons of fruit and super big pitcher!). My bf ordered Chelsea's Cheeseburger with fries. It was a big portion but he didn't care too much for it. It was $12. I had a bit of trouble finding something to order - all the salads had meat in them! I ordered the Brussels Sprout Salad and got avocados instead of the smoked bacon. Overpriced for a salad - $13 not that big - medium sized. It was good overall but nothing exceptional. Overall the restaurant was really good for the outdoor seating. Probably won't go back since there are soooo many great restaurants in PHX\/scottsdale.
My friend and I first came here to check out their darts machine because it is relatively close to our usual hang out location. Ever since then, it has been our designated chilling place because the environment and people here has been nothing more than awesome. 

They have 2 electronic darts machines available and also house darts to use if you do not have your own. You can even challenge the bartenders to play with you if they aren't busy. There's wifi available and also large couches with a table and tv so you can sit down to play a nice game of cards. 

There are many karaoke rooms available and a good selection of drinks. You can also download an app listed on their menu which allows you to play your own music in the karaoke room. So for those who think their playlist isn't updated, you can use this to YouTube karaoke versions of your favorite songs to sing. 

Parking is available free on the inner side street starting at 9pm or 10pm on yonge street. This place is located upstairs so you must find the door between union eatery and sushi moto.
I've never done business here, yet I get junk mail from her WEEKLY, addressed to me soliciting my business. Even if I was looking for a new insurance agent, I wouldn't go here because of the excessive and annoying solicitation! Stop with the junk mail already! Even my shredder is sick of seeing your name.
My family went to see Lance Burton last night and were very disappointed with his show.

Lance seems to be in somewhat of a time warp as all of the magic he did has been done and redone for a couple of decades.  One would think that Lance, with his fine showplace would be able to come up with some cutting edge, high tech illusions, but no.  Instead, we get people going in and out of boxes.  Disappearing and reappearing here and there, wow, where have I seen this before.  

Gosh, he even sawed a woman from the audience!  From the balcony seats we could see how her body was lifted to make it appear to have disappeared from half the box.  

During his slight of hand presentation his collar of his jacket was not in place and the entire audience could see the items he uses for his "mastery."

And Lance, you need to wear dress shoes with a tux, not your old black Hush Puppies!  They look so low life with your suit.

I am afraid Lance has gotten lazy with his success.  He is old school and boring.  Great for children under 10.   I am of the belief that most adults today demand something a bit more exciting and relevant.
La belle province is a great place to go to late at night!

Its open until god knows what time on the weekends?! The poutine is to DIE for, i simply cannot get sick of it! I heard that the burgers are really good also so you might want to check that out! BUT YOU NEED TO EAT A POUTINE FROM LA BELLE PROVINCE! You won't regret it!
I only had the chocolate covered banana with nuts but I absolutely loved it! I saw a lot of people enjoying the fried twinkles and other goodies, not for me =)
i live in henderson ,nv.  patio has full sun all afternoon.  impossible to spend time on patio in the afternoon do to the intense sun.  joey from drop shade came to my home and explained the whole job to me.  once i ordered shades, installers came and did a top shelf job.  electric shades look great and classy, block out the sun and adds value to my home.  had a small problem and the owner of the company, shawn,  came out personally to check it out!! it doesn't get better than that.
highly recommend this company.  honest, beautiful product and great service! five star company!
mike s.
henderson, nv
Super yummy sushi! Get "the shit" it's so delicious!!!
I like the service provided by associate Archie aka BamBam.  Very straight to the point and works well with customers. I love this fast service! Very happy to come here. I recommend it to all out of state movers coming to Las Vegas to check this place out.
Dr. Grossman and his staff are extremely attentive, caring, and friendly. I've been going to him for 5+ years now and truly appreciate the fact that he takes his time every visit and is happy to answer any questions. This man is clearly passionate about his work and it reflects!!! I feel confident coming here and know that my dogs are receiving the best care possible. One of the best vets I've had. Highly recommended.
We took our 2 yr old here today and he had a BLAST!! Owners Amy and Ryan are so nice and make you feel welcome. We loved the fruit kabobs and popcorn. Food is very affordable and fresh. The only negative is that our son had a small meltdown when it was tine to go, he had so much fun he didnt want to leave..lol. we will likely be back next week!!!!
Our kids have a great time at bounce u! The staff is great with the kids. We have had a few birthdays here and the "bounce pro's" are very good hosts! My one qualm is the seating for the parents is a bench. I am 8 months pregnant and it would be nice to be able to be somewhat comfortable for the 2 hours we spend here. Big bummer!
Service is always great, but why do i find this place slower than some others? I remember coming by when you first opened. I was impressed with the new mechanicals parts they invested at the coffee bar. At the time, the espresso beans for the latte were not as strong as I would prefer. I'm glad I went back last week, it was good! I still prefer Manic, Darkhorse, and Rooster though.

Not a place I would want to linger, just grab and go. It doesn't have that environment even though it's a funky place to hang out for a bit.
This place is awesome! Great food and service..my wife and I liked sexy girl and shrimp roll (tempura) can't wait to come back!!
Dirty, if your not busy clean your Damn store. Your Starbucks for crying out loud.  This is a small mall style chain inside a very clean, bright mall.  I've been to a Mill's mall before in California and stores like this are what start the slow decline of what could be a great place to go.  Starbucks... CLEAN UP YOUR ACT!
This restaurant in Ocotillo area  appears to be very poorly managed.  Just moved in to this area and have given this location several visits.
The employees can't smile, takes them forever to greet at the speaker,I received the wrong salad - called them from home - mgr said come back mention my name and we will replace the salad for you.  i went back the following evening and they flat out refused  to do anything- sorry we don't if this happened or not- the mgr is off today. Unbelievable!!!very poor training and employees don't care-most likely the mgr doesn't care either.
Last night after Blue man Group. We wanted to try 800 degrees.  We ordered 3 pizzas, each one was a menu item pizza with one ingredient added on. Not too hard to mess that up. It was not busy only three group in front of us. Took way too long, 15 minutes until they called our number.  Then the add on ingredients were not no the pizzas. They remade them and they  came out wrong again. So they made them for the third time. Came out right.  Now the pizzas crust was cooked perfect but the customer under the center was raw. Too much water on top of the pizza. Bad customer service.  Not coming back.
Came here recently for a Bachelor party weekend! Came  early around 9 pm cause it gets packed and im not a girl. 

The place is dope, huge dance floor with go-go dancers to match, multiple bars, cabanas, private tables, pools, and casino tables outside with a private bar. The place is all about excess, they only sell double shots of VSOP and no plain ol' VS (You Henny drinkers know what im talking about). The place is definitely a good spot to check, it wasn't as cracking as Marquee in the Cosmopolitan, but definitely a spot to be at!

Cover was about $30\/head, lines can get long so come early, and be ready to see lots of hot girls :)
Stopped here for a quick bite with friends before a conference.  The drinks came right away.  After waiting over 45 minutes for our food, we finally received one order:  allegedly "chili nachos," it was a plate of dry tortilla chips accompanied by a cup of cold chili and a cup of ice-cold, congealed nacho cheese.  When we asked where our other four orders were, the server was very defensive - "sorry about the wait, but a bunch of other people just left and cancelled their orders, so we had to deal with that."  (Wow, can't imagine why that happened!)  At that point, we decided that we needed to leave without the food, because our conference sessions were about to begin.  To his credit, the bartender said he wouldn't charge us for the drinks.  We tipped him and left.  I've had decent - if not stellar - experiences at the location in Tucson, but I'm certainly never visiting this location again (and I'll probably think twice before patronizing the Tucson location, too.  There are too many places with good food and service to waste time on a place like this.)

I almost forgot to mention that the booth was comically decrepit - giant holes in the seat and a spring poking out from under the seat, occasionally scraping my leg if I wasn't careful.  And...for the coup de grace, when we exited the booth, the seat completely collapsed.  It was actually sort of hilarious.
I miss Southern food.  So I was excited when this place moved in across the street from where I work.  But the things I longed for - catfish, chicken-fried steak, or just a simple meat-and-three blue plate special - weren't on the menu.

It was a crappy day, and I needed someplace close, so I finally decided to try Big Mama's, even if they didn't have the southern food I was accustomed to.  The menu is fairly short, seemed to be just ribs and chicken.  Not very many southern sides either - no cabbage, squash or fried okra. And they didn't have brewed iced-tea!  It's bad enough that I have to deal with that fact in most Pennsylvania restaurants, but one that claims to be Southern?

Enough lamenting about the menu.  Let's just focus on the food they do have.  Fried chicken with two sides - macaroni and cheese and baked beans.  The fried chicken was overcooked and dry.  Better at Popeyes.  The mac and cheese?  You could tell it was homemade, but it had the same mushiness of Stouffers frozen.  Now the baked beans, this was a fusion dish - sweet yankee baked beans with hotness (and it wasn't Louisiana hot sauce, thank God). A very good combination that got my mind wondering - what if you mixed those sweet baked beans with chopped jalapenos, like they do ranch-style beans?  The corn bread was good.  I prefer sweet corn bread, but that's just a personal preference.

Two more notes.  Service is slow.  Very slow.  This isn't good at lunch.  And the restaurant has the same ventilation problems that Steel City Diner had - smoke from the fryer just hangs in the air.

Next time I'll try the ribs.  Or maybe breakfast .  If only they had eggs, grits & catfish.  But overfried catfish is really bad.  Maybe they ought not try that one.
This place is immaculate and very professionally run. Have used other outfits but none even come close to this one!!
This place was highly recommended by family members. For my wife and I, it was mediocre. Anyways? This place is closed ita doors  August 21 2016.
Got it online the day of arrival as it was a the cheapest "suite" type of room in the area.   Was pleasantly surprised.   Nice resort with a great kid friendly pool -- adults looking for a relaxing pool experience may not enjoy the pool.  

Room was nice and clean.  Maybe slightly dated.   

Did have to pay for valet parking which is not the norm for vegas but then again this place has no resort fees like others so it balances out.  Free wifi. 

Would choose it again
Chinese Mexican fusion.  Who ever heard of such a thing?  Two foods that most Americans love.  I'm not convinced that it works, but I really enjoyed trying it out.  I went there only once.  It was a food tasting, so I do not know the cost but I assume it is pricey.  It was really tasty and unique.  The atmosphere was typical of the Vegas strip, which is to say that it was super cool.  This place is definitely worth checking out, but I can't see it mass produced on a national scale.
I love this place! Great food and great service! The manager Ann was amazing we have never been here and she explained everything and made our visit that much better! This is a great kid friendly place as well! I will definitely be back for more chicken and friendly service!
The food and cocktails were quite impressive. The staff was super friendly and handled the crowd well.  I highly recommend this unique and delicious spot!
How did this place get 200+ reviews when it's EMPTY! This alone should have been a sign and I should have walked out! So anyways I get the palabok, pusit na adobo, the thelma special, and pancit. The palabok tasted so weird..almost like sardines? Idk but I took a couple of bites and threw it away. The Thelma special was filled with fat and burned lechon. The pusit had no flavor. Lastly, what's up with the serving of rice? It's such small baby scoops of rice! My 2 year old can eat all the rice in 2 bites! Basically won't be back and won't be recommending this place to anyone. Sad because I was looking for a place to cater for our party...
Unhygienic. They prepared my soft serve despite me telling them I was going to use the washroom...then it obviously melted and I saw them wiping down the drip from the ice cream with the dirty counter cloth! Gross!! As for the flavour combo...not particularly appealing :((
First time today at American Way.
Food was ammmmmazing!
I got the 1\/2 pulled pork sandwich, 1\/2 american harvest salad option. Both were fresh and delicious. 
The breads for the sandwich are also freshly made there and the pork was juicy and yummy.
The place is part of the antiques market and you can also browse around all the interesting stuff they got afterwards.
We're gonna be going back there again!
Staff is always helpful and smiling, as well as prompt with their service. Most importantly, they never misspell my name ;) only downside is it's usually busy- so the wifi bandwidth is sometimes limited.
Kristie has helped me so much on several occasions for dealing with the DMV. This service is a life saver. She's always gone way above and beyond on anything I would expect. She's extremely professional and incredibly courteous. I always recommend Done and Done to anyone who has any issues with the DMV. I'll be a lifetime customer. Simply the best!
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!! I was having a really hard day! These guys were a blessing to deal with. Friendly, fast, professional, & inexpensive. They don't nickel & dime you. You can tell the difference between a company that cares about their customers and those that just want your money. These guys care.
Went to Jim's Burger and Eggs with my 10yr daughter this morning and wow old lady is very rude!we even told her it out first time there, you think she would at least have smile and say welcome to Jim's , but nope! All W got was" what do you want to eat?" I had a coupon in my hand, which was visible, so when she totally up our order, I handed her the coupon, she sighed & said angrily said "now I have to cancel your order and do it again" she said" you have to give me your coupon before you order." I did apologize and told her again it's our first time & I didn't know you had to give her the coupon when we ordered. After we finish ordering I said "thank you," and only got "you need to take you number" which she laid it on the counter top. I'm definitely not over sensitive, but come on, a little courtesy will go along way. 
Now for the Food: after hearing about jim's burger and eggs, I wanted to be wowed, but it was just ok. I will spend my money else where. We will not be coming back. Thank you.
We've been coming here for the last five years since we had moved to surprise. What we once thought as a clean outstanding classy theater now seems dirty, smelly, and a lack of customer service. We waited in line for 25 minutes to get popcorn. It was not that busy. There was one person working the snack bar, and she was very slow. They were probably about 10 of us in the regular customer line, and no one in the preferred customer line. Every time a preferred customer came up they got served first while the rest of us ended up waiting even longer. Don't get me wrong, I think the preferred customer benefits is a great idea, if it's super busy but it was not busy and those of us in line had been waiting a long time and barely made it to our movie. When we went to give our tickets or should I say try to give our tickets to the ticket-taker he was busy socializing with someone he knew totally ignoring the line of ticket-holders forming in front of him which also delayed our entry into our movie almost making us miss the beginning of it. In going into the individual theater where we were going to see the movie The little hallway area smelled like urine. I recently read that since AMC took this over there are supposed to be some upgrades being done. I sure hope so, but until that time I'm not sure that we will patronize this facility if ever if it does not get upgraded.
This place came recommended by one of the receptionists at our hotel, the food was excellent, moderately priced, and timely: Things I love. The waiters changed, between ordering drinks & appetizers (the Mexican street corn is a definite MUST) and ordering dinner. So, in the change, they forgot our sweet potato fries, but I'd still say it was a great experience
First off I'd like to thank the kid Nick at game work who helped me out with my misplaced order of pizza that was given away to some other kid in the internet cafe. The manager Joseph totally blew me off when I tried to talk to him. At least act like your listening instead of just saying "uh, huh. We got you" . By the way I did not know that he was the manager until after my order was fixed. 

    . I tried to tell Joseph which computer My brother, son and I was sitting.  We waited about 30 mins for a personal size looking pizza.  Nick came and check on us 2 times as he always makes his rounds around the cafe every time I've visted.  Finally I asked for his help which he got done faster than Joseph has. Nick completely took care of my brother and son after. But he is just a great up beat worker overall every time we have gone into game works he has been helpful and always checking on the kids. Great and attentive.  Joseph it was nice giving me the reason why things weren't done. BUT NICK GOT THEM DONE FOR US. As well as the other 2 employees that was with him.
I had my first reading ever with Zoey a couple months ago, and I'm so happy I went. She gave me much needed guidance and clarity especially regarding my career path. Also very thankful that she made me aware of my spirit guides :) she has the best energy and her passion is truly reflected in her work! Can't wait to go back in a few months!!
They failed to show up during the 2 hour window and didn't call until an hour after the window ended. When we tried to talk to a manager about getting someone to cone out today they said they'd call in 5 minutes, but the manager ended up leaving work instead of calling. When we attempted to work with them about getting someone to come they were incredibly condescending and rude. Worst customer service I've ever had. 

They also tried to tell us they're the only electricians in Ohio. Really guys? You think anyone actually believes that?
We have been picking up Bengali Sweets from Premium for quite some time now. 

Hands down the best Bengali sweets anywhere in Canada. The quality would be hard to beat - however quality comes at a price. The prices are way above normal. Mind you, I am not complaining about the prices. 

Their Sondesh is as pure as it can get and sweetness is just perfect. Indian sweets can very high in sugar. But Bengali Sweets not as much (most items), and Premium Sweets specially keeps sugar low. I hope it continues. Their Kaju Katli made from cashews is incredible. Lm

Their Desi Ghee - clarified butter is the best our family has ever tasted. Comes incredibly close to home made that great grand parents made when they had cows\/buffaloes in their back yard. 

The only pet peeve - as soon as you enter "welcome to Premium Sweets, please take a number". However when we went, there was nobody in the entire restaurant! But the lady insisted that we take a number. Upon giving the number, she goes and does her cleaning stuff and putting the everything away. When she the took the number we assumed she was ready to serve. The putting away stuff took a good five minutes. Why let us take the number, then upon taking the number from us do other stuff, when you are not ready?

PS. BTW, upon checking in Yelp offered a $25 coupon for $20!! Thanks Yelp
Great theater and the most comfortable recliner seats in Vegas! And alcohol!?! Who doesn't want to enjoy a cold one or a glass of wine whilst enjoying a movie?

We usually stop by to book our seats and then come back for movie times due to the limited amount of seats. 

Another good to know item is they give you a free movie ticket for your birthday when you sign up for their rewards card.

Good flavored popcorn and treats. Small arcade up front for he kid in all of us. Centrally located and plenty of parking.
Green Planet installed my pool and landscaping 5 years ago. My family and I love spending time outside. They did an amazing job with the design and construction. I had a problem with my grill recently and I called their office to see if they could help. They were kind and courteous on the phone and help me ordering a new part for my barbecue. Thanks Green Planet Landscaping again!!!
My husband and I went here on saturday morning (August 1st) as we were only in Vegas for 36 hours and we wanted to maximise our time.  We took the 10am tour with Mitch Cohen, who was enthusiastic, friendly and super knowledgable.  The collection here is amazing, the actual place is pretty small but the tours last an hour and are perfectly timed to get all the way round in that time.  Make sure you come here for some great Las Vegas history!!
pretty cool! kinda dirty, and overpriced a tad.. it was a one time thing. tasty -- but nothing special.
I have never had such a bad experience at a car dealership. The deal I got was fair, that's the most positive part of my experience. The customer service on the other hand, atrocious.  I purchased a used GMC Terrain. 

I spoke with a man named Howard. He claimed to be the dealership manager, not just used cars, but the whole dealership. That was a lie. I spoke with a man named Scott, who told me he was a manager, this too was a lie.  These people tried to railroad me and have refused to be of any help since my purchase. For example, I needed the front license plate frame put on. I was told "20 minutes."  Two and a half hours later I finally left. 

After we agreed on a price they had me sitting at the dealership for nearly 5 hours...  yes 5, waiting for the finance person to complete all the paperwork. The "managers" did nothing about this. The battery in my car died 3 days after I bought the car. I had to go back to the dealership to have the license plate frame out on after the battery was replaced (at another GM dealer) and Howard tells me "that can happen, tell you what, I'll give you free car washes whenever you want."  Hey pal, I'm well aware that car washes at the dealership are free...  you wash every car that goes through service. Thanks for nothing. 

I will never be a customer of this dealership again.
Our server was great! Some guy brought out food and we asked for ranch with our fries and never got it. I was watching the hockey game and a guy didn't even change the channel he turned the tv off I was watching. Then for 45 mins he kept looking at his phone, not busing tables or bringing out food. Don't tell me he was on break either. I would never allow my servers to be on the floor playing on their phones.
***I was just informed this is their manager. Unbelievable tilted kilt! Please reeducate management on behavior while on the floor!!
This location isn't in the nicest part of town, but it's actually a pretty nice Starbucks, with beautiful landscaping and a huge walled-in patio set a ways off the street. Like other locations, the staff are friendly and do a good job. And bonus - there's a drive-thru.
Choices galore! Bad place for the indecisives...so much choices. Everything was good, solid late night, after drinking food option. The Cook to order, fresh donuts are to die for. Drunk nights finest. A drunken choice you won't regret... Prove there are some choices made after 2am that don't end in self loathing regrets (unless you're health conscious that is)...
I only gave it a 1 star because the doctor was amazing the front desk staff is rude at I arrived 30 mins early to do 10 min paperwork and still waited almost 2 hrs to be seen even though I had an appointment. I asked if u had a copay she said no to my surprise at check out they wanted over 200 dollars at checkout for my visit I explained my preventive is cover 100% she told me because when asked if I every had pain during my cycle and me answering yes my visit is no longer preventive. I deal in insurance all day at my job so I told her I would contact my insurance to my surprise I was covered 100% call ur insurance don't trust what they say instill haven't received my refund yet fraud office
After spending days in Quebec & Montreal. This is possibly the best restaurant we have been too. The Staff is extremely courteous & food is mind blowing. Staff went out of their way to make soup for my friends son who was hungry after the Kitchen was closed. Now this is customer service at its best.

If you are in Old Montreal - This is THE place to dine in.
I am not a fan of high-end or fine dining...until I went here!  The service was SUPERB! (Thanks Ian). Very respectful, sincere, friendly, helpful, and skilled. The food was phenomenal. The variety was exciting.  The quality was exquisite.  A MUST REPEAT EXPERIENCE!
I went for breakfast and ordered a Quiche Florentine.  It was very good.   I also got the 3 different juices with the small bottle of champagne.  That was really quite fun and refreshing.
I made the appointment and was able to come in that same day. I hard a hard time finding the location, but it is in the strip mall where the grocery store is at, I think it was Albertson's. I came in and I didn't have to fill out any paperwork, which already was a red flag to me because liability? safety? where will the massage therapist touch me? Hello? I asked the receptionist and she told me that the massage therapist will talk to me about that before my massage. Ok. The massage therapist came out and the guy was my age, which made it a little bit uncomfortable and made me worried because of his potential experience level. I wen't into the room and there was no chair to put your clothes on or anything. He told me to put it on this shelf, which had the hot stone fridge on it. My clothes were cramped into a corner. He came back in and didn't really ask me any questions, he seemed very shy and nervous. I told him just to focus on my back and neck because I have been having back pain for some time. He started massaging me and it started fairly well, but he doesn't have any kind of technique. I am a very delicate girl, so I need very light pressure, which I told him, but I don't think he understood me at all. I said many times a little less please and he didn't change his pressure at all. This is the problem with male therapists, they don't know their own strength. He ended up pressing down on all my pressure points which hurts so much I was screaming and whining and he heard me very well. I couldn't lay still. He kept telling me that I will thank him later.... I just wanted to relax and I ended up cringing in pain. That's not the kind of massage I wanted at all, but I said many times can you just gently rub my skin because right now it's so hot and red I need like a gradual slow pat after being tormented, he didn't understand at all. He did my back for 30min and then told me I had 30 more minutes, what did I want massaged next? I'm like uhhh my back?? neck?? Anyways, he finished and I started to get dressed and found my clothes were moved to another shelf... my pants where my underwear were were moved to another shelf, so awkward! :( He gave me water when I cam out and it was in a plastic cup... no water bottle? It was just a weird experience. He even had the decency to ask me if I would come back again. I said yes, but what kind of questions is that? I can't say no out loud and make all weird. Never will be back here at all. Never thought it would be this hard to find a good massage salon.
I love this place! I usually get the $5 mini meal. It's sooo good and fills me up! I usually get the Island Teriyaki, but I've tried the beef teriyaki and chicken katsu and they are all very good. I love their teriyaki sauce and their macaroni salad is awesome!
Honestly, i prefer sweet bbq. I am by no means saying the food is bad. It's good but my experience woukd be better if the sauce was sweeter.  I think its pretty expensive too. I got pulled brisket with two sides, a drink and a dessert and it was almost 25 dollars. 

I would probably come back but there are other options that are cheaper and has the type of sauce i like.
The husband and I are always in a search for the best hot pot around Vegas. Little Sheep Mongolian Hot Pot is our standard, so we've been trying to find a broth as flavorful, and with meat as great as theirs. The Red Pot comes the closest in regards to the broth. The restaurant is gorgeous, modern, well-ventilated, and clean.

What Red Pot has an edge over Little Sheep is their hugeeee variety of seafood, veggies, noodles, soups, and sauces! I usually go for the meats at a hot pot place, and Red Pot lacks in different cuts of meat. I guess what they lack for in meat, they make up for in other food choices. I think they only had 3 choices of meat. The meat does not taste as high quality as Little Sheep, but it still tastes great with the broth nonetheless. 

The sauce bar is huge! The sauce bar is actually back to back. My go-to sauce is always the satay sauce with cilantro but it kind of lacked flavor. The herbal soup is good, but it was a little too mild in flavor to make it great. They also have tea eggs YUMMM!!! I also loaded up on the quail eggs too. The husband loaded up on the seafood section. 

Our waitress was great. We never went empty with our waters, and our dishes were always cleared off the table. We also had our broth refilled when she saw it getting low.

The Red Pot is the most authentic-tasting hot pot you will probably find in Vegas in comparison to others. It's $35 a person, but with the 20% off, it brings you to $28. Try it at least once!
How have we not tried this place after all these years of living so close? Walking up it looked pretty dead which was surprising to me since it was a Friday night and every other restaurant we passed was packed. Once we walked In though it was packed with people. We were greeted right away by a wonderful girl smiling. We were sat instantly and another smiling waitress took our drink orders. Already I was impressed. After looking over the menu i knew it was going to be a tough choice because everything sounded amazing. After talking with the waitress she told us the fish fry was great and that they had the best corned beef and cabbage anywhere around. I took her advice and ordered that and she must of swayed my husband as well because he ordered the same. My youngest came with us who is notorious for ordering chicken fingers everywhere we go so of course that's what he picked. We also ordered an appetizer of fritters which we'd never tried before. Everything came out so quick. Let me tell you...I had never been a fan of corned beef and cabbage when I was younger. In all honesty I thought it looked so gross and was so bland, but when my plate was handed to me tonight it was like the gates of heaven opened. The presentation looked amazing and it smelled AMAZING! It came with the most amazing gravy on the cabbage and mashed potatoes. My husband and I both looked at each other and knew it was the best corned beef and cabbage we'd ever had. The other times I've had it it was over salted. It was perfect. We asked our son how his chicken fingers were and he said they were bomb.com lol He informed us we were staying until he ate everything on his plate and said it was now his new favorite place that we have been to. I was so impressed from the time we walked in to the time we left. Great service and amazing food. Keep it up guys! Thank you for a wonderful night.
Currently on the road to try out new breakfast diners around Toronto and Fran's was our first stop. 

Quick note, Fran's is a chain diner so don't get your hopes up if you're looking for quality breakfast food.

We opted for the Eggs Benedict and Steak & Eggs. I was seriously craving some really good hollandaise sauce. The eggs benedict is served with fresh fruit and homefries. Upon arrival, it was a very disappointing dish to say the least. Fresh fruit consisted of one strawberry and a slice of cantaloupe along with two spoonfuls of homefries. The plate was rather empty. Kicking off with the eggs benedict, the English muffin was cold  and stale. Not to mention, the hollandaise sauce was definitely not freshly made. 

The steak & eggs tasted mediocre at best. Definitely nothing special and worth ordering again. 

Overall:

 - Service was okay, fast came out quickly
 - Atmosphere had a nice diner feel to it
 - Food was a disappointment
I love pure barre! I'm in my first month and I love to attend the classes, which is the first step to any successful program, right? You need to want to go, and this place makes you want to be there. From the friendly, encouraging owner and staff, to the nicely decorated impeccably clean studio - all of it makes you want to keep going. 

The workouts are challenging and different every time I attend. When you're not in the proper position the instructors come and adjust what needs to be adjusted. All adjustments are done with care and encouragement. This makes it feel similar to personal training to me. I definitely feel stronger and more toned since I've started. 

Thanks Pure Barre!
LOVED this place. The hotel was gorgeous and every aspect was just great...check-in, the room, view, the pool. Got it for a great price (there's a resort fee...boo) so if I could book it again for $60ish\/night I'd definitely recommend it. I think I paid around $100 for the night after all fees were included. Just beautiful overall and would love to stay here again if I had the opportunity!
BEST GROOMING SALON FOR DOGS!!! I've been a happy customer since last summer and never had issues with their service.. They're very professional and responsible. It only takes one experience for you to decide you'd stick with them forever lol They got some serious skills... I really do appreciate their service and how caring they are. I'm moving to a different state and I'll miss them so much.
I'm glad they opened up this location so I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown! The staff is always so friendly & courteous! So many different varieties! You can never go wrong with a grilled pork sandwich!
I came to the Bifteque with my group of 7 coworkers with low expectations - I left with even less of a favourable opinion. 

The waiter took all our orders correctly but that's the last positive comment I have to say.

He forgot my salad and when it finally arrived the "italian vinaigrette" was horrible.

We looked forward to when our meat arrived but oh boy we're we going to regret it. Three of the seven orders were incorrect and all of the steaks were severely undercooked.

We're debating right now whether or not to stay for dessert. Probably not.
Don't go if you want to eat. They can't handle crowds and they don't care. Wait for a pretzel was 1 hour!!!!
Service was slow and had an attitude from the start. Mixed cocktails were bad. I've had plenty of mixed drinks in my lifetime and these were horrible. We had to return the drinks twice and then got attitude from management stating that the drinks were made correctly and it was us who were wrong. We had the specials and the food was good. Steak was tender and had good flavor. We ordered the baked brie before we finished our meal and it never arrived. We finally gave up and got more attitude when we asked for the check so we could leave. They didn't tell us the Brie took about 20 minutes to cook when we ordered it, however, it was over 20 minutes and it was no where to be found. Very frustrated with the poor service.
Food is really good. Seems fresh. Reasonable price. Waitress was sooooo classic diner waitress--- quick, nice and helpful. 

Diverse menu. Can accommodate large groups without notice--- dividers between booths go down!

Pancakes so fluffy.
Waffles ok.
Irish eggs Benedict is the best hangover\/hungry meal!!!
This car wash is fantastic. The workers are fast friendly and do a wonderful job.  I will absolutely come here now.  My SUV looks brand new!  Thank you!
Stumbled into this cafe by accident, and it has been one of the best parts of Old Montreal so far! They have all kinds of maple product samples (spreads, vinegar, syrups) as well as a cafe and gelato shop inside. Definitely stop by for the vibe and to see all the maple products.
The pork buns and egg tarts were so good! I brought a box home to RI and my family loved them. So they were still good 6 hours later.
Half Price Books is ONLY good for buying books at a reasonable price. I took BRAND NEW baby books up there that we received at our baby shower a few weeks ago, waited 20 minutes, all while listening to the employees talking about other employees, then went up to see what they came up with on our books to only find out they could give me a dollar, $1 for these 10 brand new very good and popular baby books. Absolutely ridiculous. I will NEVER take books up there again.
Awesome Greek food period!!! The salad to start is great, very tasty. We use to go to the danforth but this is just as good as the location there.
Yeah so it's a dump but its fun and  thats what going to Vegas is about fun. I go there everytime I go to Vegas.
fried calamari - pretty good
salmon teriyaki bento box - pretty good
we had a bunch of sushi that was above average tasting: 
a) eel avocado roll
b) caterpillar roll
c) rainbow roll
d) baked scallop roll
e) crispy tempura roll
f) loch ness roll
g) pure vegas roll
h) wtf roll
i) philly roll
service was pretty good
I went to Dr. Ng as I had either calluses or warts on my feet that would bother me every few months.  The reception area was very friendly as was Dr. Ng.  He lets you describe your problem and does not rush you.  He quickly assessed that I merely had calluses and proceeded to remove them pain free.  I would highly recommend him to anyone!
Part of me can't believe that this place has gotten such high reviews.  It wasn't horrible, but definitely not the shining experience that everyone else seems to have experienced.

My boyfriend had received a gift card for Casey's so we decided to go before meeting up with some friends.  There are no Casey's restaurants in South Mississauga, so getting to any location is a bit of a hike.  

We both ordered off the seasonal menu.  I ordered the pork medallions with sweet potato mash and TM ordered the lobster mac and cheese.  I enjoyed my meal.  The meat and red wine sauce were great (especially since it was a chain bar\/restaurant) and I'm a sucker for anything with sweet potato.  TM on the other hand had the opposite experience.  He couldn't even finish half of his meal as it started to make him gag.  Personally, I didn't blame him.  The sauce was more cream than cheese and the lobster was tasteless with an odd texture - somewhere between rubbery and moist.  There was a breadcrumb topping, but it lacked flavour as well.  The only thing edible about it was the side salad it came with.

Now, I can forgive a bad dish, especially when the other was good.  Sometimes things happen.  What I can't forgive is slow service, especially in a half empty restaurant.  We waiting close to 30 minutes for our food and another 20 minutes after eating for the bill.  Once we were all ready to pay, I had to hunt down our waiter to process the payment because he failed to come back to us.  I found him chatting with a friend of his.  Sorry to interrupt your conversation!

The real disappointment was finding out AFTER we paid that the gift card was also good at Fionn MacCool's and other restaurants.  Ah well - lesson learned to always read the fine print.
Fue a pedir un pastel para el cumpleaños de mi niña y la vieja que estava trabajando se porto súper culera!!!, casi le molestaba las preguntas que le asíamos, muy déspota no nos quiso ayudar bien ni salió de atrás del counter. Ya via ablado con blanca Dias antes y me dijo el precio y todo muy hamable ella pero ni pendeja voy a gastar mi dinero en un lugar que no save atender sus clientes! Fue porque eran muy recomendados pero no gasten su tiempo ni dinero aquí , van a pasar enojos!!!! ZERO ESTRELLAS!!
Service is extremely great along with great atmosphere. Staffs here are very polite, definitely the best service I've ever received. Food choices are creative. My boyfriend and I had a great dining experience here.
Here at Gen a-gen ;) The lighting him is slightly dimmed and the neon\/purple-blue lighting around the booths gives it a nice modern feel compared to other AYCE Korean BBQ places. They have a large variety of meatsfrom seafood, chicken, pork, and red meat and appetizers. I can never get enough of their Japchae noodles-- keep em comin'! Also, there soju is probably one of the better sojus I've had. I almost can't taste the alcohol, BUT it most definitely creeps on you. I recommend strawberry, lychee, mango, and the yogurt flavors. 

The only thing I was not a big fan of was their dessert macaroon ice cream. It taste like it's been sitting and it's too hard. Cute ice cream though!
Pretty good bar food.  It's conveniently located and a fun atmosphere.
Owen's is awesome.  About a 4.5, but it's local and interesting so it gets a round up!  It's a lot bigger inside than it looks from the outside and there is quite a selection of tasty bagel treats.  They have some really creative combinations that taste good too!  They have an option of toasted or steamed bagel.  My buddy asked what the steamed option meant and the server answered, "It's steamed and delicious...versus toasted and delicious!"

Good prices, great vibe, local flavor.  Bagel sandwiches are always better.
Brunch here is great!! Wide variety of selections, and great for a group. They had everything from pizza slices (which everyone was craving after a night out) to pho to steak. Two thumbs up!! The desserts were outstanding as well. 

While this place was awesome, if I had to compare and choose, I would go to the Caesars buffet over wicked spoon. Its a little pricier but I think the quality of the food is a little better.
I've been here twice now. First time was shortly after opening, second was just a couple weeks ago. This place is the real deal and is not having a 'sophomore slump' like some new places do. 

Most recently, a friend and I shared one of the cheese boards and 3 of the small plates. 

1. Cheese board - excellent. Mahon, Red Dragon, and Saint-Andre cheeses - all really good. I found the amount of cheese to be totally adequate, unlike one other reviewer - maybe they've improved lately but there were MORE than enough to use up all of the provided crackers and then some (we asked for more and they happily obliged with more crackers). I found it to be an adequate amount of cheese for the 12 bucks we paid.

2. Small plate #1 - spicy shrimp tacos: A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! They weren't honestly very spicy but they were SO good that we didn't care. Perfectly cooked shrimp, a yummy zippy sauce and the freshest of fresh ingredients. OMG my mouth is watering right now just thinking about them. You only get 2 tacos for 9 bucks which is a little steep but I'd pay it again and again.

3. Small plate #2 - Moroccan meatballs - These were very good. Flavorful and well cooked (I hate it when meatballs are kinda crunchy almost on the outside and spongy on the inside) These were uniform in texture and very good. I wouldn't rave about them (see point #2) but they were very good.

4. Small plate #3 - Peking duck confit mac and cheese - This stuff was the BOMB! Very rich so it's good for sharing. Noodles cooked perfectly, english peas were crunchy (as they are supposed to be) and the duck was so flavorful. This dish totally works with these ingredients together. YUM!

5. Beer selection - Fantastic! The bar is huge and there's lots of seating.

Overall - this place is great. I don't generally like the term 'gastropub' but I think if anything fits the bill, it's this place. Great beer selection, really good food. We'll be back again and again.
Cocktail Berry Berry martini was delicious.  Dinner however was lacking in timing.  Cook needs to learn how multi task and cook more than 1 item at a time.  I finished my vegetables before the meat.  I also finished my meat before the rice dish.  It was the sad representation of a fusion hibachi.  Seriously everyone watched one dish cook at at a time.  I guess having a huge flat top isn't enough space to cook more than one dish at a time.  If food tasted better and could be enjoyed at actual course instead of soooo slow you can't but one part at a time this place might reached 2 or 3 star.  Don't bother wasting your time or your money.
Fast service, very decent food, nice environment. Nothing crazy unique or exciting but overall I had a very positive experience here. The portions are big!
Honestly...   Food was not great.   I had better at Taco Bell.   Chips were pretty good...  Salsa horrible.   Customer service was descent although our waiter got mine and my friend's orders wrong.
Had the graveyard special steak and eggs and took almost an hour to get. Wasnt even goddamn busy. Fucken bullshit south point!
Robert took great care of us.  Our project was completed on time and on budget.  We went from dirt and rocks to a beautiful grass yard which our pets and us love.  Our neighbors have also commented on how great our yard now looks.
What do you get when you combine the forces with one of  Vegas' trailblazing chefs and the kings of the snow ice scene??? 9 delicious courses of F@#!*N AWESOME!!!

Yelpers, Foodies, and even Chef Marc and his wife were in attendance for this first ever pop-up lunch fusing the creations of Chef Ramil and his team and the addicting snow ice of Mike and Will, where two exclusive flavors made an appearance. Guests were also able to mix, mingle and sample a few Sake offerings as well as a refreshing punch consisting of Grapefruit, basil, and agave syrup.

Three different skewers "teased" our palates before even starting the menu items:

GRILLED MUSHROOMS AND SHSHITO PEPPERS WITH BONITO FLAKES
CHICKEN YAKITORI SKEWER

Earthy, sweet, and smoky, these were a great start, some unfortunately got peppers with more heat than others, and the yakitori tasted just like my mom's Shoyu Chicken!

LEMON GRAPES

This was a great palate cleanser for what was yet to come. Cold frozen grapes paired well with the creamy Lemon snow, and we were ready for more!

HAMACHI SMOKE

The acidity of the grapefruit helped balance the fattiness of the Hamachi, and the heat of the Serrano chiles, fennel two ways and creamy avocado were nice compliments to this course.

HOTATE NASU

Sweet notes of the scallop and melon snow offset with the bitterness of the nasturtium blossoms and juicy heirlooms tied this dish together really well

SAKANA BUNS

Bao buns were deep fried and slathered with some unctuous Uni butter, and stuffed with a nice mix of salmon, tuna, and rainier cherries....Can I get a Foot long of this bomb sandwich??? The pickled veggies also added a nice touch.

SUZUKI YAKI

Grilled Whole Bone-in Mediterranean Snapper served family style...Simple, straightforward, and DEE-LISH! The cheeks and eyeballs were the best...:)
The Apple-Fennel Slaw and Crisp Yucca chips served as great accompaniments.

BUTA TO KAKUNI

Braised pork belly was also presented family style along with Belgian endive, boiled eggs, cashews, and a tasty Okinawan Sweet Potato puree.
Our side dishes of rice, braised turnip and tempura veggies perfectly complimented our two family style courses.

KANMI

This final course was a great finale to our three and a half hour  lunch. Chocolate Green Tea Ganache and the Fried Milk were the stars of the dessert course, and the balsamic strawberries, milk powder, and chocolate-coffee soil supported this course fantastically!

We were stuffed and satisfied, and are also looking forward to the next one.
Thanks again Team Yonaka and Team Snow Shavery....ALOHA!!!!
The concierge at the resort we are staying at recommended Eli's for their baby back ribs and since it was not too far away we decided to try it.  We went for a weekday lunch.  We each got a full rack and two sides. Garlic mashed potatoes (yum) and steamed veggies were tasty.  The ribs were so tender that you could just pull the bones out and cut the meat with a fork.  And the BBQ sauce was just right, not overly sweet, and savory.  Had lots of leftovers so it was two meals each. Great value. Staff was very obliging.
This is the best local Korean BBQ on the southwest side of town. Love that this is in my neighborhood. My best friend was so sweet and knew I loved Korean BBQ so suggested that we try this new place even though he was a bit skeptical.  We ended up ordering the boneless short ribs, beef bulgogi, spicy pork bulgogi and steamed egg.  All was amazing and my friend loved it so much he's now a fan like me. Service was top notch and food was the same. I could eat this 24\/7 . I'll. E back for my bday next week.  Thank you Doh for coming to our neighborhood and helping me to convert on friend at a time on being a lover of Korean cuisine.
I come here on Sundays for $1 drinks. The breakfast menu is okay but the portions are kind of small and not very filling. I started to order off the main menu and I am glad I did because the food here rocks. There is something for everybody here ranging from affordable sandwiches, panini's, and crepes to expensive entree's for those with more expensive taste.
Service is great! Atmosphere is nice and the servers are really friendly and helpful! John is great definitely coming back! Thanks John!
Worst haircut I've ever gotten. Barber was on the phone half the time like he didn't care.
Price: 
$26.99 for a weekday dinner AYCE

Went here for a friend's birthday. The menu had a wide variety of selection in Japanese and Thai cuisines. Fast, friendly service. And very tasty food.

My only criticism is that the dessert doesn't come with the AYCE price... it's extra! Very disappointed and wouldn't come here again just because of that
I feel like I'm a broth girl. I'm very big on broth. And lucky for Ramen Kobo, I was impressed with their regular miso soup ramen. The noodles were thick and delicious. Even the pork was good and I feel like I'm picky when it comes to liking any kind of pork found in ramen.

I just feel like the temperature of the food could have been a tad bit hotter upon first taste. I would much rather have my food burning hot and wait for it to cool down than to receive it luke warm.

I'm willing to give this place another shot since it's so close to my house and I have an obsession with noodles and soup.
Came here wanting to try it for several years after hearing good reviews. My experience didn't go as well. Ordered sausage, scrambled eggs, and a crepe. The sausage were cold on the inside and obviously raw in some places. I asked the server to send them back and within 1 min and a half they were given back to me, having been obviously thrown in the deep fryer. They were crispy on the outside and still cold on the inside. In gave up and just laughed it off, as this is really unprofessional in my opinion. The crepe was mediocre and underdone too. Two stars are for my server, who was very nice and attentive and kept my coffee cup full.
I couldn't be more grateful to the entire staff at Camelback Dermatology. They are kind, compassionate, and efficient. Dr. DeLuca is very knowledgeable, caring, and her bedside manner is so comforting. The whole staff makes you feel at ease-especially if you have to have a procedure. I highly recommend Dr. DeLuca, and the physician's assistant, JB, is also excellent. The nurses are warm and friendly.
Ordered a turkey panini, a salad and green tea.  It tasted great!  The ingredients taste fresh and the presentation looked nice.  They allow dogs on the patio in the back.  I'm glad I found this cafe!!
Herbs & Rye has a great ambiance, the classic old school italian feel. Nice extensive drink list - some are very creative. Food was good, service lacked. They waited until we were finished our course, but didn't clear the plates, so we were getting plates on top of plates. I ordered my second cocktail before we got entrees and it didn't come until I was almost finished my meal! It did take a little too long for drinks that night. I'd go back to try it out again, but if I get the same service, that would be their last chance. I do have to say the desserts were really great! The doughnuts with dipping sauce and pazookie style cookie with ice cream...mmmmm!
I have been going here for years since switching from Sam's club. I love the prices and the selections. I didn't have a problem with Sam's club either but BJ's is more conveniently located for my travels. 

The tall bearded guy in the deli gets a special shout out from me. He always cuts, stacks and packages the meats and cheeses neatly. Some of the others just rush through like they don't care because it's not for them to deal with. This is much appreciated and doesn't go unseen by me. Thank you, Mr. Beard!

My one star deduction is for the Receipt Police. Make sure the cashier doesn't miss scanning anything or you will look and feel like a criminal as you try to make your exit. This really loud alarm goes off and barking dogs come out of this dark hidden room. Helicopters, snipers and swat units surround the building and the store is temporarily shut down. If you just believed all that you should probably be careful what you trust and take literal on the internet. Lol. Totally joking but it does  suck when you're in a hurry and they're busy so you have to go back to the end of the line and wait to pay for your missed item. Or you can do what I did. I rudely jumped the entire line and said "excuse me I have to pay for this because you forgot to scan it." Aww well if you upset them, they'll do better next time. Lol

Other than the receipt police system I really have no issues with this wholesale club. And just to clarify, it's not the receipt police employees I have an issue with. They're just doing their job and they're always very polite. I just think it's a stupid and annoying setup.
This is my new favorite place for Philly Cheese steak and pizza and wings and burgers and buffalo chicken fries. Everything I tasted was delicious.  We will be back.  The owners are Wonderful.  They came out to talk to us several times to make sure everything was as we expected.  I noticed they treated everyone the same.  Customer service is above normal standards here.  You don't get treated the same at bigger establishments.
If I was writing this review five years ago it would have been five stars, easy.  

However, now that I'm spending time in Cleveland Heights again and have had the opportunity to revisit some of my old haunts, I have to say that Mint Cafe has been severely disappointing.  

I have recently sampled the Basil Fried Rice, Pad Thai and Vegetable Dumpling soup.  The Fried Rice and the Pad Thai were both too sweet and kind of underwhelming.  The Vegetable Dumpling soup was very bland and I can't be sure if what was inside the dumpling was actually vegetable-related at all.  Maybe chicken?  It was had to tell, because there was really no flavor to speak of.

I am being generous with three stars, due to my past affection for this restaurant.  I have high hopes that these dishes were flukes and not indicative of everything on the menu.
They serve a really mean bowl of ramen! The noodles are cooked to perfection, and the tonkatsu broth is fabulous, though can get salty if you just slurp the broth. I've realized I'm not a huge fan of miso broth, but my friends really, really enjoyed it. I think the best broth was the tonkatsu-shoyu, because it was a little more complex than the tonkatsu, but also a little less salty as well. The gyoza is solid, and I had some bites of my friend's pork belly rice bowl, which was tasty. It was like a bowl of mom's home-cooked braised pork. We went for lunch on a Sunday, and the wait was short. The restaurant is really small, and it was hellish hot in Vegas, so sitting by the door was very uncomfortable. The little air conditioning units had a tough time cooling the restaurant since people who were waiting for tables kept propping the door open. Because the restaurant is small, our group of 12 had to split up tables, which wasn't a big deal because we wanted to get seated ASAP to eat. It's a 15 minute cab ride from the Strip, and ridiculously cheap. A bowl of noodles is about $7, and it's huge! Most of us girls weren't able to finish the bowl. I will definitely return here to slurp on some noodles on my next trip.
I thought this was a lovely venue for a more relaxed, chill pool party environment.  Is it the best pool party in Vegas? Not close.  Are you going to find a super hip, happening party scene? Definitely not on a Sunday, can't say for Saturdays.  But the pool area is clean and nice, the pool is refreshing, servers are attentive, bouncers and security friendly and helpful, and you still get a decent DJ spinning house music.  I found it a nice way to relax and end a weekend of partying.  And of course drinks are expensive.....you are at an upscale hotel in Vegas, not some dive bar.
I like the yard house. I would recommend taking a date to this place; It's casual. The place is a little too dim, though. 
The food is a tad bit overpriced, but the food tastes amazing. I would recommend the chicken enchilada that comes in a circular cut out instead of the traditional tortilla rolls with the stuff in the middle.
Comes with green and red sauce. So. Good. Drinks are expensive as well and could use a little more alcohol. Service is okay, but could be a little more attentive.
Either way, I like this place.
I've never been to a Cirque show before. I definitely was impressed. I've seen shows with similar apparatus but the choreography was amazing and the live music was fun. We got tickets like an hour before the show and were in the 8th row. Get there early though! I heard they resell your tickets if your late!
The short stack sweet potato pancakes were fantastic. There were chicks of sweet potato in the pancakes, it was a nice surprise because they were warm.  Not on top like they normally are.  It does take a while for the food to come. It is worth the wait but you can't be in a rush.  The place is a bit warmer then the average restaurant but just sit back and relax with some juice or something.  The decor is trendy and looks like a college hang out.  I will defiantly go again. I will just not be in a rush.
Queen City Pet Sitting is amazing! Moving from NYC to Charlotte i did a lot of research trying to find a new pet sitting and dog walking service for my fur baby, Max, and I absolutely love QCP. They are very professional, have great prices and take care of Max as if he was theirs. I 100% recommend this service for anyone looking for either a dog walker or pet sitter over night.
I work in the same complex as Whole foods, so I am constantly running over for snacks and the juice bar. All of my co workers go over there on a daily basis. Every time I go into whole foods and either check out at with a cashier or at the juice bar they are not friendly. They are rude, no customer service, barely acknowledge me being there. We all go to Fry's now  across the street because there customer service is always excellent and that's what we want. How hard is it to say "Hello?" "Good Morning" "How are you? Its not. You lost all of business because we would rather go across to fry's and use there juice bar ,  then Whole foods which in near.
Didn't know if they were even open right now cuz every single light on the building is off
Vegan take out box w\/ biryani is my go-to. Make sure you order a side of the spicy pickle to go with it.

If you're going to eat in, try the GHEE DOSA platter. If you like the taste of butter you will lose yourself in this hot roll of perfection.

I don't fuck with any of the deep fried things in the glass display case. It's been sitting there all day and more likely for several days. I've tried all of those things hoping they'll be different but it's always stale and gross. There's a reason it's so cheap.

All the stews have this quality like they are days old too but it's less nasty because stews sorta get better as they age.

All I'm saying is that majority of things here are less than fresh. 

Also: I got "cash back" on the debit machine and the woman scammed me by not giving me my money and pretending to be confused.
Tonight, flight coming in C3, I was sitting waiting for the Phoenix to San Jose flight and a woman, black, spoke in a calm yet advocating way to a male customer service staff. She stated that a flight attendant kicked her and otherwise treated her disrespectfully. While the CS man was not terrible, he only defended and did not acknowledge that the woman was humiliated on a flight in which she had to be held for an hour or more. Southwest treats me, a white woman, usually well - but I was really disappointed that Southwest did not make any attempt to compensate or assist this woman!! She said a staff person kicked her! She is a victim of a crime!! This is criminal! Whoever you are, I heard you and you were right to assert your position as a customer and a crime victim! While I was not a witness, I do think Southwest should make a better attempt to remedy a customer's assertion that she was kicked! Whoever that flight attendant was - she grossly over-reacted to the situation and then acted "scared" when the customer told her to "step back." Shame on Southwest and especially that flight attendant.
I purchased an annual Home Protection Plan for $149 from Precision which covers Cooling, Plumbing and Heating systems in July of 2017. Today, Roberto R. performed the plumbing portion of my package which included the water heater flush, testing of the toilets, the faucets  in the bathrooms and the kitchen sink.  He also performed a water pressure check and assured me that everything was fine. 

I appreciated the fact that he was highly professional, extremely courteous, and even covered his shoes with booties while conducting those inspections while inside my house.  He also arrived at my home a half an hour earlier than his scheduled time. 

So far, I've been quite pleased with the service that Precision has provided me and consider the maintenance package I purchased to be a good value!
Absolutely amazing!!
I went with my boyfriend to celebrate our 7 years together. We ordered their Manicotti and Papardella featured pasta and they were both absolutely fantastic. The waitress named Brianne was soooo nice and polite to us...she was perfect! 
I recommend this place to anyways and will definitely come back!
Wow, have I really not written a review for this theater yet?  How on earth is that one possible?

Came out Saturday morning for X-Men, and had a delightful experience.

The employees are always very polite.  Prices are standard for movie theaters, and I love that I can use my points for free movies.  

Popcorn was great, and the girl who handled our concessions actually listened to the request for "light ice" and "light butter."  

The foyer is always clean, and the theaters are usually pretty clean as well.

This is another of my standby theaters, and I always have a pleasant experience here.
Not much to say about the services at the building itself.  It's a federal courthouse, so the space is very solemn and official.  The building contains the U.S. Attorney's Office, U.S. Marshal's Office, offices of the U.S. Senators for Nevada, a jail, courtrooms and a small court cafe.

I don't usually review government buildings, but architecturally, the building's facade is unique in Vegas. (cannondesign.com\/#\/expertise\/project_catalog\/143).   The entry to the courthouse stands beneath a giant metal grid nine floors above, which is held up by a long metal column.  Visitors walk across a long open plaza with a reflecting pool-style, overflow fountain.  Vegas does not have much architecture of note and the federal courthouse definitely stands out in the downtown skyline as unique.
As we were planning for our big day in October 2015, my now-husband and I decided to add a dance routine to spice things up, you know, because we gays can't just settle for a wedding, we want a full-on production.  As I called around and did some research, I found this Fred Astaire Dance Studio to be one of the most welcoming to same gender couples.  Everyone is so warm and fuzzy here - they all give hugs.  We came to this studio with basically no ballroom dance experience and wanted a "Dancing With The Stars" first dance.  Nikki Wicker was our main instructor\/choreographer and bless her heart because we were such divas to work with.  We wanted a sexy\/sassy Argentine Tango\/Hip-hop-ish routine to an R&B song.  At first I wasn't sure how this was going to pan out, but thanks to the creativity and patience of both Nikki and Martin, our wish came true.  Nikki even edited our song for us.  We had such an amazing time with our first dance and even had our wedding guests roaring!  **booty shake curtsy**


The most helpful thing perhaps, was that we were provided multiple opportunities to perform our routine in front of audiences at the studio before wedding day.  It definitely helped us get the jitterbugs out way in advance and dance confidently at our wedding.  All-in-all, it took us eight private lessons for a three minute routine, a lot of bickering between me and my husband, one or two bruises, a bucket full of laughs, and a lot of dedication.  Honestly, I think the prices are great.  Definitely money well spent.  We enjoy taking the group classes with the entire LV Fred Astaire staff and are looking forward to more lessons!  Oh yeah, and one more thing, they provide breath mints to which I'm addicted!  How considerate!
Tony served us tonight on the patio. She gave us great recommendations and all of us were very happy with what we ordered. Was impressed with the service, the portions, and the quality of the food. And the patio with the variety of music was very enjoyable. Haven't been here in a while, but will definitely be coming back.  Thanks for providing a great evening for myself and my out of state visitors.
Fun brews on tap. Brilliant patio when it's nice out. Great sandwiches but the red goat salad (seasonal) is the best thing on the menu. Fun urban vibe in a historic house makes for a great atmosphere! VERY Phoenician.
I came here for the first time yesterday after I had been craving crepes for a while and this place did not disappoint. It's located next to small shops so it can be overlooked. I ordered the salami crepe which had salami, cheese, pesto, spinach and tomato. It was excellent. It came with either chips or salad. I chose the salad which also came with some strawberries and mango which I was not expecting. I definitely can't wait to come back to try their sweet crepes.
I am obsessed!

What an impressive breakfast joint all around.

I went with one of my girlfriends who lives downtown - she's raved before about how awesome the breakfast dishes are here. MTO is small in size with a beautiful high ceiling. The ambiance is bright - pretty trendy, hipster, and inviting. 

Rachel was our server and she was laid back and personable, making our breakfast experience very comfortable. She greeted us right away and asked for our drink orders. My friend and I both asked for a water and a mimosa (to start the day off right!) Let me tell you - their mimosa is THE perfect mimosa. I watched them pour our glasses and they ensure you get plenty of champagne, topped with fresh OJ. For $5 a glass ($20 for bottomless) you definitely cannot go wrong with their strong and refreshing mimosas! 

One thing I noticed about MTO is how ginormous their water glasses are. So. Perfect. Helps me from constantly waiting or having to ask for refills. Coffee also comes in a huge mug. I'm a fan. Breakfast dishes (the most important part) were very tasty which completes MTO's 5 star review:

- Steak and Eggs
6oz Tri Tip comes cut with toast, 3 eggs any style, and hash brown. The steak was seasoned perfectly so I didn't need to add anything. The portion of the entire dish was huge, I couldn't finish it all!

- Avocado Scramble 
Scrambled eggs topped with cheese, jalapeños, cilantro, and tomatillo sauce. My friend added chicken sausage for some extra protein and topped her dish with Cholula sauce. Also a delicious and filling breakfast dish! 

Love this breakfast spot. I will definitely be back for breakfast AND mimosas!
Fresh ingredients, mixed with fun. Makes delightful food. Everything I have had has been delicious. Their soda's are pure cane sugar sodas and freshly juiced juices are fun to try too. I love their stuffed French toast!
Good barg kabob and lamb shish kabob. We came here 20 minutes before closing and the owner and his family were extremely nice and took our order and even gave us a free cucumber yogurt because we ordered quickly. Very good family and good food. Merci
I was referred to this braiding shop by a friend of mine, and decided to give them a try.  Being an occasional braid\/weave wearer, i've only experienced a few other braid shops... and each time left there not so pleased.  But today's experience was a great one.  Melanie, my braider, started my service on time, explaining what she was doing and why.  I left there thoroughly pleased with the overall service, and look forward to my next one!
Dr. Ledesma recently did surgery on my foot and I could not be more happy or impressed. He is a phenomenal Dr who cares about his patients and did an amazing job on my foot.
Went here for breakfast on recommendation from a friend. Had the Bacon Vodka Caesar and the Toronnah (classic eggs Benny). The Caesar was tasty, and presentation was excellent with a slice of bacon, pickled asparagus and olive garnishing it. Tastes like they used some sort of low-quality bacon flavouring in the drink though (perhaps bacon-flavoured vodka?) which makes this not so great of a deal at $10 IMO. The benedict was cooked perfectly, not too runny and not too hard. The home fries were a miss. No flavour to them at all, they could really use some seasoning or accompaniment. All in all everything was good, not great. At the prices they're charging for it though, I don't think I'd go back.
Nothing special. My braised meat was dry and my husbands pasta was bland.
So we love OSF and have visited the downtown location many times. This location fell short of our expectations, I would not recommend you eat here and I will not repeat. 

If you want more details read on: 

Julie said that 1. It was my turn to change the diaper and 2. A family restaurant like OSF would most definitely have baby changing tables in the men's room. Well, if those exist they hide them well, I will mention that both the stalls were busy so I was not able to look in there for a changing table so I had to change him on the sink which was less than pleasant. 

Next, we sat about 40-60 feet away from the front door in large, red Alice in Wonderland type chairs. Although charming and comfortable, these chairs are little to tall for a short guy like me and my legs would not touch the floor! I had to do the slide-down-the-chair-to-touch-the-floor-so-I-feel-like-a-big-boy routine. 

Then I noticed that the first set of double doors from the outside were propped open so every time someone opened the inside set of double doors to walk in or out, a huge breeze of 39 degree F air would come rushing in and give us a great "Arctic" atmosphere. This bothered me enough to call Sean, our waiter, over. I explained the issue and he quickly went over to the hostess station where four girls with the apparent combined IQ of 50 argued with him for a few minutes and it seems that Sean lost the argument because the doors remained propped opened until about an hour later when a customer must have accidentally kicked the prop and made the outside doors close on his way out. Who is the genius that decided to prop them open in the first place with the kind of weather we were having? 

I ordered a Chicken Penne and Sean said that it came with a salad. The "salad" was just a bunch of lettuce in a puny bowl with some dressing. It left me wondering why we didn't just go to Olive Garden to get a real salad. 

Then came the bread. It tasted good but it was hard, cold and difficult to cut. Even little Ryan at 2.5 years old gave me a weird look when he tried biting into the bread. 

The bread came served in a puny cutting board which the more we cut the bread the more crumbs and hard crust went every were on the table and made a huge mess. I would recommend you bring some safety glasses and a cordless sawzall for this operation. I was not impressed. Why not send the bread pre-cut or in a plate more suited for this purpose? Hey how about sending FRESH bread out? 

The food came fast so I got my Chicken Penne and it was just OK, very unremarkable. Again, it left me wondering why we did not just drive a bit further and eat the Pene Rustica at Macaroni Grill which is a dish that deserves a standing ovation. 

The beer was tasty and the rest of the meal was enjoyable now that I was wearing my jacket fully zipped up and was starting to contemplate wearing my gloves also for good measure. 

IQ 50 girls were still giggling by the hostess station. 

Then I overheard three employees talking a few feet away from us by the terminal. They were discussing restaurant drama, something about "he almost got me fired but I apologized to the customer and still got a good tip" 

Now, let me tell you that besides being a patron, my extent of having any restaurant management experience involves working at Pizza Hut for two months as a waiter during summer break in college but even I know that discussing drama within earshot of customers is unprofessional and should be taken outside or in the kitchen. I began fantasizing about being "manager for a day" as I already had a list of the top ten things that this restaurant needed to address if it planned on staying in business. 

At this point in the meal I was looking around to see if I could determine who the Manger is and maybe call him or her over. 

Could it be the girl that was dressed in white, different from the other employees dressed in black? No, she was hanging out with IQ 50 girls for a long time, probably not. 

Julie also made an observation that they appeared to be waaayyy overstaffed. Julie worked in a restaurant as a lead where dollars sold per labor hour were the important to keep high for their bonuses. This was apparently not the focus here as there were loads of employees standing around and circulating the restaurant aimlessly carrying nothing and doing nothing. 

The positives: 

Sean was a great waiter, professional, courteous, prompt and was there just in the nick of time when needed. Sean is probably the greatest asset this company has going for it. 

For his sake, I hope Macaroni Grill is hiring as I think this restaurant is going under within the year. 

The building is nice, kept relatively clean and the music and ambiance is pleasant (besides the Arctic issue) 

But again I will not repeat.
Well I figured I'd give this place a try but I left with a sketchy feeling as who ever rang me up tonight charged me with the previous sale also (I noticed the previous customer paid and left) Which left a lousy first impression and also wonder their integrity. When I came back to receive my difference, staff made it seem like this was a normal occurrence. Don't know if I can trust scammy staff such as these. Makes me wonder about the food & products.
I stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain last weekend, and I couldn't have asked for a better hotel. It was smack dab in the center of Montreal, within walking distance of rue Sainte-Catherine and all the shops, restaurants, and bars. We were able to walk around Montreal to the piers, Chinatown, old Montreal, etc. pretty easily from here. Not a SHORT walk to the piers (maybe 30 minutes?), but doable. Montreal is a great walking city, with lots of beautiful architecture and things to see and do, so the hotel was in an excellent location.

Concierge was great and accomodating, and the view from our room was beautiful. Would absolutely stay here again.
Ok breakfast.  Quiet setting.  The pond out front looked tired, worn, and dirty.
After NYE hungover breakfast....PERFECT! Lots of food, good service, value in pricing. Had the 1\/2 meat skillet with protein pancakes...SOLID!
A friend and I stayed here for a 4 day trip, and needed a moderately-priced hotel with two beds. Our verdict:

Pros:
Proximity to the Metro is very convenient.  We were able to easily run back to the hotel to rest and clean up from our long days sightseeing before heading back out for dinner.  
The free parking was excellent, and I felt my car was safe.  
The pool and sauna were also clean and while I didn't use any of the exercise equipment, I saw a few people doing so.

Cons:
Our first night, we noticed the drain was painfully slow in the bathtub, so we requested some maintenance.  Reminded them in the morning, and the next night.  Still not fixed so they moved us to a room with a dead coffee pot and a fried electrical socket.  We decided to just swap our coffee pots and make due without the alarm clock.  The 8th floor seems to be the defunct one, and when informed of the continuing issues, the receptionist just shrugged.  
A $250 incidental hold was put on my credit card in addition to the room rates, so I asked to pay the bill in full in order to free the hold. Didn't happen until I returned home, so for those expecting to primarily use a credit card while travelling, be aware.

Overall, I'd recommend it for convenience but don't expect a flash room.
Best food experience I've had in a while. 

It was nice out so we sat on the patio. The inside is also really dark and I bumped into my partner so inside was out of the question. Other than the lighting the inside is pretty cool. Large bar as well. 

Their vegetarian menu was almost just as long as their meat containing pasty list. They even had two vegan options! I had never had a pasty before and I probably shouldn't have another again unless it's from here (we don't have much food like this is San Jose). Came out hot and pretty fast. I was impressed. Really flaky on the outside and hearty on the inside. Like a hot pocket on crack x1000. Delicious.

The service was the cherry on top. The staff are incredibly friendly and genuine. 
I think our server's name was Garrett(?)
He was awesome!
Came into therapy a couple nights ago the environment was very welcoming. I was attended by a wonderful outgoing server named kyrstin. She was very helpful with ordering a cocktail and items on the menu. When I go out to eat this is the service that keeps me coming back. Great job good food and drinks!
I got the Buddha Feast when I was there on business.  I didn't have a lot of time and just had to pop by somewhere quick.  I really enjoyed the food, and the service was quick and efficient.  
It wasn't cheap, per se, but it certainly didn't break the bank, either.  I also liked that while it was fairly crowded, that it wasn't terribly loud in there.  
I'd definitely go back.
I live in downtown and just moved from Richmond Virginia, this place is a couple blocks away so very convenient. Got a cut by TJ who is the son of the owner. Really cool vibe in there and TJ is really good with the clippers and uses a razor! Also gotta love the old school hot towel before he used anything!
i've been eating at this place for many many years.  the cioppino and Bouillabaisse is some of the best i've ever had.  Although the restaurant has changed over the years and the service isn't as good as it has been.  the quality of the fish stews are great!.  If you are into these tasty fish concoctions, i strongly recommend eating here.  don't mind the disconnected and frazzled service. the food is worth it.
I visited Cibo for a Iight, late dinner and was pleasantly surprised by the fresh food and beautiful patio.  The desert night sky looked lovely while I enjoyed the house salad and antipasti plate!  I hope to bring my family next time we are in Phoenix.
Usually when I come here its for a gun show but on this visit it was a dance recital,  comparable,  we shall say not. Some folks I know had their kids in this event so we went. My girlfriend and I really appreciate the arts so we did enjoy it.Lots of music and plenty of dance,  all kinds.The center itself was well lit with a good sound system,  plenty of parking.
Ive lived around this area for almost a decade, this place started out as a Japanese-Korean fusion restaurant with an emphasis on the Japanese. Their sushi used to be one of the best a la carte options in north york for me and the service was always on spot. Of course, as you may have gathered from the rating, it went drasctically down hill from here.

In 2016 this restaurant is 95% Korean food with a few pitiful maki options. Now I wouldnt say Im a huge fan of all Korean cuisine but Ive always loved the bbq and side dishes so I went back to Seoul House. What I didnt expect was awful service and overpriced mediocre meats. The meat was of the same quality youd get at piggys restaurant or any of the other traditional Korean bbq places (as in not ayce) but at twice the price. This would be okay if there was anything worth the premium but there was absolutely not. We were a small group of three, they made us wait constantly and feel ignored even though the seats were only half full. I was certain the service bell must have been broken at our table because there was no way they could have been this rude... right? We had to wait over 15 mins just for the bill after asking for it twice, only to get it wrong by $100. We spent around $70 and the bill came at $170. To be fair they apologized and fixed it so we still tipped them well.

For those who are impressed by the fact that they have side dishes at all, I implore you to try some of the many Korean restaurants in the steeles-finch neighbourhood. Most korean restaurants should have complimentary side dishes, this is simply a tradition not something unique or noteworthy.
My coworker recommended Raising Canes shortly after I loved to LV. My first trip through the drive- thru I was so disappointed to learn that they did not have ranch to go with their chicken strips. "What kind of place doesn't have ranch?" was my first thought. 
When I got home I figured out real quick the answer to that is: the kind of place that doesn't need to have ranch. Their cane sauce makes up for any sauce they don't carry and their chicken is so tender and juicy. Now they just need to open one in the Sunset\/Stephanie area of Henderson.
I hate hate giving negative review, unfortunately, i had to take my sister into the ER, checking was confusing, on top of that, the check in clerks were some what cold and distant, not only to me but to other patients as well. The clerks were casually chit chat with themselves, i noticed some other sick patients checking in were having problem filling out the required paper work, instead of helping the patients, they sat behind their desk and pointed fingers and shouted to give people instruction. There was a man who came in and said he thinking he has a heart attack, the clerk still making him filling out the paper work???  finally a security guard saw him shaken and had a hard time standing so he go grab a wheel chair! Just the thought of being in the ER, these patient are scared, nervous and stressed out, instead of showing a caring, compassionate face, these "customer service" staff make it look like we should begged for the service.
My husband and I ended up three nights and four days in this hospital.  Our baby had received first and second degree burns.  This center was the number two burn facility facility in the west coast. The staff here, especially the nurses in the ER were amazing.  They all tried and worked their due diligence to do a baby IV and help in any way possible.  Now the ER doctors, that's another story.  The ER doctors are not well trained in bedside manner at all.  While in the ER I had a female doctor address something that was not an issue while my baby was crying bloody murder. The doctors are not well trained in dealing with humans and have a higher than though complex.  
Now the third floor burn center is a different and wonderful experience.  The burn doctors are calm and collected, they explain all the proper procedures and are genuinely concerned about their patients.  Even though it was against hospital policy to only have one guest stay, I relayed to the burn center doctor, we came into Vegas as a family and we will stay as a family.  My husband can't go to sleep in a wonderful hotel knowing that his baby is suffering and the momma needs him. The doctors did not make a bid deal.  After the fourth day of great TLC from the burn center, we were able to be released and referred to a nearby burn center at home in San Diego.  Thank you to all the staff that assisted. What an amazing experience.
Decided to chance it this morning by being one of the first people to the car wash. The attendant talked me into the highest level Ultra Star wash because it was $5 off it was only $27.95. Not the type of clean I would expect from a $32.95 car wash. The car still had bugs stuck to the front and side view mirrors... That I cleaned when I got home. Only the drivers door-jam was wiped down, the other 3 and the rear were not at all. The driver side rubber floor mat was removed and vacuumed under it but the others had not or even vacuumed around for that matter. The rear of the SUV appeared to not have been either because there was no marks in the carpet from the vacuum nozzle and I even opened it up for them.... I highly recommend taking your vehicle elsewhere unless you just don't care how your vehicle looks and like to waste your time and money.
This place has 3 different rooms based on music: top 40, hip hop, or house music. The hip hop room was PACKED, literally no walkway whatsoever, but the music was awesome. The top 40 room aka the library was so dead, people were standing around chatting which was kind of sad. 

The best place I found to dance was outside where I did not feel claustrophobic and the bars were easy to get to & they made STRONG drinks.
Honestly, where do I even begin... Scaddabush used to be great, but now food is bland and service is terrible. I've gone 2 times in one month and both visits have been bad. On a slow Thursday night, we weren't given water to begin with and no follow up regarding food, drinks or dessert. Our server j.mac took forever to give us our receipt, and then get a machine and a take out box. There was a lot of potential for a great meal that night but the service was horrible. 

On a slow Sunday night, my friends and i waited over 45 minutes for food... why???? Idk. I ordered a salad. Friends pizza and fries were too salty. My friend killed a bug on the table as well. Ew. And the server was rude towards those who did not tip well. 
Definitely won't be coming back here ever again, which is a shame because I actually like some of their pastas and have been a customer since they opened.
By far my favorite Vegas course.  The course is gated and you need to buzz in for them to open the gate.  As soon as you drive in, you drop off your bags at the front and the staff parks your car for you.  The course it self was tough but very playable.  Generous fairways on most holes and the greens were running fairly fast.  They have pot bunkers everywhere, some of the bunkers are just insane and you will struggle just to get out in 1. Thankfully I only hit in one bunker all round.   I will definitely be stopping by on my next Vegas trip.
yes i know everyone loves their endless beer and wine as part of their buffet! i must say it's quite awesome. other than that, they do have some pretty good food!! my faves were the oxtail soup, pad thai, mahi mahi, and crab legs. i don't usually eat sushi at a buffet (unless it's a sushi buffet) bc the rice just fills you up and the fish isn't the greatest quality, but they have some decent fish, for a buffet. their desserts are also quite pleasant. love the gelato, fruit tarts, and creme brûlée. it's sp far from the strip, but definitely worth the trip. i mean i only went two nights in a row! although the weekend is better bc of the seafood and crab legs!!
We went to Japango upon recommendation from a friend as we needed a place to grab lunch after a wedding ceremony.  We lucked out and got the last table for 4 at around 2pm on a Saturday!
I'm from Vancouver and have had a lot of great sushi.  Japango was pretty awesome!  All the ingredients were really fresh - right down to the cucumber!  The spicy tuna was fantastic, and the japango roll is a must try!  I definitely recommend trying this place.  It's small and a bit of a hole in the wall but so delicious!
Went here for dinner.  We wanted to go somewhere that wasn't meat-centric, as we're both vegetarians.  There was a good selection of flatbreads and finger foods on the menu.  I tried the falafel sandwich.  It was huge and amazingly good.  The falafel was just the right texture, and the fixings on the sandwich were perfect.  My partner had a flatbread since she was looking for something a bit lighter.  It was a perfect match for what she wanted.  The servers were really friendly and pleasant.  I can't wait to stop back for breakfast or lunch.
Customer service is not pretty good. When I pick up , I feel unwelcome ..!!!
Worst customer in the universe !
The service was good, but the food was subpar. When it arrived to my table, the pizza appeared to be burnt and my dip was just a little to watered down. I like the interior of the place but I'm not so sure I'd eat here again.
My wife and I have been going to this location for almost a year.  We like the product and it's close to the house.  The service has always been ok at best.  This evening we had a really bad experience and will not be visiting this store again.  I would rather drive five minutes out of my way, just on the principal alone.  I actually had a teenage girl yell at my wife and I this evening.  I get yelled at at work everyday, the last thing I need is attitude from the chick at the USwirl.  This franchise needs to retrain their team!!!!
This isn't your ordinary local pizza chain! 
PizzaBOGO offers some really unique 'World Gourmet' specialty pizzas and also typical American style 'Local Favorites' specialty pizzas.  The toppings are fresh and the dough chewy and flavorful.  Toppings...so many toppings to pick from! And sauces!
Their Miracle Crust is so good! It's a long rectangular crust made from a lot of organic ingredients and it's cut into triangles...something different and healthier! (at least it sounds that way)  It costs a little more than the traditional or thin crust, which come in their normal round shape, but it's certainly worth it in my opinion!

 I don't really know too much of their history, but it looks like they're a NE Ohio pizza chain that started in Akron.  I tried it for the first time a few years back when my friend ordered us some pizzas from their Cleveland Heights store after a long day of helping him move into his new, run-down house.  I had never heard of them prior to this.  It was sofaking good! The Bombay pizza stood out to me.  Very unique and flavorful with some spice.  I don't remember what else he ordered though.  I was happy to see when they opened a store in North Olmsted about 2 years ago, since my girlfriend at the time lived close by.  

I saw on their Facebook page that they had a special for a large unlimited topping or speciatly pizza for $7.95, so I had to do it.  They typically have specials on Tuesdays and Wednesdays.  Never pay full price!  Well, I ordered their Tuscan Fiorentina on Miracle Crust ($3 extra) tonight and the guy at the counter said it'd be ready in 15 minutes.  He was a nice guy. I think he was the owner.  I went back out to my car to listen to the Alan Cox Show while I waited.  My mouth was literally salivating as I sat in anticipation of this tasty morsel of dough. The pizza..was..amazing...loaded with fresh toppings and the balsamic glaze finishes it off nicely with a touch of sweetness and acidity.  It's a shame that I don't live closer, but my pizza was still warm when I got home and devoured most of it.  Actually if I lived closer, that could be bad because I'd probably gain 10 pounds a month from eating pizza every week...
Last night me and my friend went there and ordered togo and paid almost $90 for chicken feet, smoked duck, etc. When I got the order and check them at home it was totally not worth it. I mean, the portions of the food are TOO small. I was so disappointed and felt like i was totally wheedled by the photos that the restaurant posted on Yelp!!
My family loves this classic fine Italian restaurant. The staff is always friendly and often entertaining! Always a treat.
I was 2 years ago that I had been here. The lasagna was so yummy that I cannot forget.
After two great visits, we had a 10-min episode here earlier that really makes me rethink ever going back to KTR. Saturday, just before 2pm, 13Aug16.

We all know accidents happen, and that's totally acceptable. But when a group of 10-12 year old boys are 'running' the easier side of the scooter area and one almost plows a 5-year old, it'd be nice if the staff member would talk to the kid responsible before a) I have to do it myself and b) another punk kid comes to defend the dangerous kid, telling me my kid was in the way (when he hadn't seen the near accident). After the incident and me trying to tell the older kid to be careful of the little ones, the staff guy managed to stop talking to his friend to... come to me and stick up for the older boys when he clearly had no idea what had happened. Let me reiterate... My son's friend was crossing the first public area to get into the left side of the skate park. An older kid either started his decent off the wall well after my sinks friend was trying to cross. Then, the older kid started shaking his head and acting as if it were the little kids fault, when the little kid was clearly crossing first. 

Instead, of the guy who was 'watching over the area' taking to the older kid, he came to me to try and agree with the punk kid and explain that my kid was not following 'the flow' of the room. There are no arrows, no signs and nothing to indicate a 'flow' other than apparently what was in their expert little heads. With no 'clear flow' and only one way to cross, obviously a ton of riders cross in that area, not just little kids. Maybe if he would have been helping the little kids instead of practicing his own stunts and talking to his friends, we would have been in that situation.

What I would have liked to see was the older kid be reminded by the staff guy to watch traffic before he takes off and to especially watch for the little kids. That didn't happen until the staff guy (and punk kid who wasn't involved in any way) was on me for quite some time. The staff guy was clearly part of the preteen gang and by the way he handled the situation, all the older kids were smirking in the background, clearly thinking the one had done nothing wrong. He even indicated that the punk kid was right but just needed to go and let him do the talking... Unreal. That makes for a dangerous cocktail. 

The absolute worst part of the staff trying to handle the situation... I was not yelling or angry and yet the staff guy kept asking, 'why are you so mad' and wouldn't quit coming up to me, repeating that line over and over. It was like he was trying to make me mad and make me seem unreasonable. And then, when I left, he tried to buddy up with another mother who was nearby and get her to say I was being unreasonable. I just want the older kids to watch the traffic before they charge off of a wall on their skateboards. 

Moments after that, one of the gang of kids 'accidentally' flew off their skateboard and launched it at my guy friend's head, even though he was sitting back behind the rope area. If I hadn't been standing close, seen it coming, and smacked it out of the air, it would probably have been a hospital trip for my friend, or at the very least, a huge black eye.  Accident? Maybe. And maybe not. I literally felt like it was a gang of kids and the staff guy was the ring leader.

We just left. After 3 hours of fun play and our third trip to KTR, we now have a very sour idea of the place. At the very least, their staff need to be letter training. I get like I was dealing with a short stoned skater dude who wanted to stay cool with the preteens instead of someone who cared about the kids safety. 

May not see ya there.
I love this place. I stop in to buy bagels and cream cheese often. They have such a great variety. Sometimes there is a little bit of a wait but that's because they toast your bagel and put the cream cheese on. 
The desserts are also amazing. It's impossible to stand in line for a bagel and not drool over the desserts. 
I've never eaten inside but it looks like it would be pretty good. 
In 2007 my Husband passed away and we used Bagel Cafe for the gathering afterwards, it was delicious and convenient, and they were so nice about everything. 
My Uncle passed away in 2013 and my Aunt remembered how good the food was at my Husbands funeral that she decided to use them for the gathering for my Uncle as well.
Terrible, terrible pizza. It tastes like a knockoff of a Tombstone pizza was microwaved instead of being baked. The crust is extremely bland and fake tasting. The cheese is sparse, rubbery, and smells like Crisco, believe it or not. The sauces is like a cross between ketchup and Chef Boyardee. I suppose if you like processed foods, Little Caesars may be what you are looking for, but you will probably regret wasting your time, money, and calories on such crap.

0 stars for the nasty crust, rubber cheese, and ketchup sauce. +1 star because they are only $5.
Gross! Tastes like microwaved mush.

 Everything cold and covered in gelatinous "sauce". Orange chicken not at all crispy....had the texture of a sponge and cold. Mongolian beef swimming in brown liquid and overpowered by green peppers....cold. Spring rolls also cold and mushy. Chicken fried rice had no vegetables in it.
Just awful.... $45 wasted. The only thing edible was the plain white rice and it was also cold.
2 stars for prompt delivery but this was disgusting and I will never order from here again.
Late Tuesday night dinner. 
Charming service. 
Delicious snapper and risotto. 
Perfect ambiance. 
I am a fan!
My partner and I decided to try Fat Pasha because we love Rose & Sons so much (for those of you who don't know, they are owned by the same people). We will now add this restaurant to our rotation! We loved it. 

The restaurant is small and cozy - you will want to make reservations ahead of time. The waiter was very attentive and helpful in explaining menu items, which was really appreciated as we had not heard of some of the foods before. 

We ordered the Salatim to start with rapini tabouleh, beet root relish and eggplant tahina. The rapini was a little too bitter but I guess that's rapini for you. The beet root and eggplant were amazing!! We were pretty full even on the Salatim as the portions were quite decent. For my meal, I ordered the Za'atar fried chicken with potato salad - loved it! The chicken was so crispy and tasty that my partner couldn't help picking off my plate. 

We had a great experience and will definitely return for more!
A great place to meet. Great view out the window to the West of White Tanks mountains. Meet all kinds of great folks. I'm sure the new location will be special.
Did not honor scheduled appointment. Major issues with cleanliness in restroom and lab area. Rude manager.
Some of the best customer experience I have had at a hardware store. I came in trying to hang a hammock up and was completely clueless about what to get or how to do it. Greg was patient and kind to assist as well as another gentleman (who's name I forgot I regret). I am a female and I am sure this was a simple project but they took the time to explain my options and offer sound advise about what to get and why. From now on when I need assistance I know where to come. I saw previous reviews and they are not too high but I am thinking they changed things up here because this is the 3rd time I have been here and every time good service. Today is the day I just decided to write a review.
This staff kicks butt! Very friendly, attentive and helpful. New store is awesome. Go check it out if you haven't already.
Food was good but wrong. Ordered a burrito wasn't correct. It was done again still not correct always check to go orders.  First order missing rice second time was no lettuce and tomato. Was an extra charge for meat not sure why this was their.
Best ramen ive had in the city!! The restaurant has a great look and atmosphere and all of the staff great you as soon as you walk in! Super friendly servers and the ramen is just delicious and always presented so perfectly!
Awesome place for a casual quick lunch.
They play good hip hop here and the staff is friendly.
I love their pork belly Banh mi and sweet potatos fries.
If you want something a bit less calorie dense go for the Jicama salad, it is fresh, spicy and surprinsingly filling.
I've heard the kimchi fires are super yummy.. I must try them soon..,eat all the FRIES!
2 hours no food. Called the restaurant and the woman answering the phone couldn't find my order and asked me if I had ordered from "Thai House". I will never order from here again. No follow up or attempt to make it right.
Disappointed that this place doesn't have ONE clean booth to sit in.  And it's far grom busy.
I've been dying to try this place all month! It's really close to Sherbourne station but the area might be a little scary at night so I would recommend going during the day instead. We got there around 1PM for lunch on a sunday and managed to get a spot, but its recommended to make a reservation. We got the $15\/person kamayan feast and it was a ton of food! It came with mango salad, a bed of garlic fried rice, topped with a variety meats and seafood. We were pretty much full for the whole day afterwards.
Makkah is still the one with the best tandoori chicken in my book.

As soon as you stop in front of the restaurant, you can see hard working men grilling their mouth-watering tandoori chicken and baking the naan.

Be prepare to get in line to order your food.  This place can be quite busy with take-out goers.  It is a cafeteria style.  Order what you want at the counter, find your seating at the back, carefully listen for your order and check at the counter often.  Then pay before you leave.  

The service is great, friendly and helpful.

I go there for a good home-style and authentic cooking meal.  Everything is consistently delicious.  Superbly seasoned.  Generous size.

Of course, my absolute favorite is the char grilled tandoori chicken.  Each dark-meat piece is always juicy, flavorful and tender.  The tamarind-like dipping sauce was tangy with slight tartness, which gave it a wonderful contrast to the perfectly grilled chicken.

Rock on, Makkah, rock on!
I've always managed to use discount vouchers when visiting Butterfly world which can make is quite a cheap day trip with young children. You are likely to find them in the families magzine or in the leaflet advertising Butterfly world (which you find at most tourist info stands). Without any vouchers though it's £5.95 for adults and £3.95 for children (although under 3's are free). It is definately worth planning your time so that you are there for the handling sessions as this is a definate hit with children. Otherwise you can get round it in about 15 minutes as it is quite small. There is a playpark just outside and it is right beside Dobbies Garden Centre which has a new cafe.
Weird servers. I dont know how else to say it. We have been there 4 times with 4 different servers and 3 of them have just been some of the weirdest people I have ever had to deal with. I think my waitor I had last time used to be a mime because of the way he was using his hands. The food is the only reason why we come back because its pretty good and we always know what to expect.
The ambiance is nice,  the drinks are decent but dont go here for the food, seriously. I had a 20$ pasta dish that was flavorless ans just thrown on a small plate...where's the love?!  I never add salt to my food but this  was one circumstance where salt and pepper on the table would've been very handy. Maybe they should just stick to booze. Not to mention the staff who seems more preoccupied chatting with friends\/colleagues than paying attention to customers.
Cute decor and delicious food. The tacos are small street tacos so if you come really hungry, it can get a little pricey. I've tried all of the tacos, except for the ones with seafood, and all of them were very tasty. There is a good selection of beer and other alcoholic beverages. I really like all of the watermelon drink concoctions they have, but everything I've tried is delicous. I enjoy coming here for drinks and smaller meals. I like to come during week days on sort of off hours when its not as crowded.
Great addition to Downtown for lunch. Our office orders catering from Mike and Dee before they opened their Diner, and thrilled that we can now get their food all the time.

I am only giving the Diner 3 stars due to the lack of service, lack of air circulation, and messed up my order and took forever to get my food back.

In regards to food:
I ordered the Buffalo Chicken wrap with a side of pasta salad. My food came with french fires instead of the pasta salad and it took them 10 minutes to fix it, instead of just leaving my sandwich and giving me a side of pasta salad , which was not worth it. It definitely seems to be homemade, but too oily for me.

Other's ordered, and I tried:
Dee's Veggie Quesadilla = Outstanding, Best thing I tried!
Regular Quesadilla= Delicious!
Patty Melt= Pretty tasty, definitely would order.
Roast Beef Sandwich= kinda plain and dull.
Fries= HIGHLY Recommend ordering especially with a side of their Ranch dressing.
Milk Shake= YUMMY! 

I highly recommend giving this place a try and if you ever are looking for catering needs, they are Excellent at it! 

Lastly- they do offer Breakfast that you can also order at Lunch!
Call me crazy... there's something about waiting on the sidewalk for 45 minutes to an hour to have this pie in Brooklyn that just makes it taste different than walking into a virtually empty Grimaldi's in the Palazzo around 11P on a Saturday evening. 

The Caesar salad was tasty and our sausage and pepperoni pizza was good but it just wasn't the same as enjoying this pizza in NY. I had a couple slices and was fine to box up the rest to bring with us. Something I would never do in NY, I'd polish the entire thing off and maybe order one for the road.

I was super stoked to see they had opened in Vegas and it's a fantastic dining option as they are open until 2A but noticeably different than their NY locations.
This a great zoo.  There are a great variety of animals that your can view safely but close up.  There are also great shaded areas and places to cool off in the summer.  Splash pads for the kids,  movie theater, and petting zoo.  Really a fun place to take kids but I love it too.
Love this place!  Very nice and spacious. They have those lazy boy chairs. The only reason why i didny give this place 5 stars is because you have to preselect your seating which some places do that now so cant really complain
This place is delicious. Came with coworkers for lunch - we had a good sampling of the menu and the consensus was everything was great. 

I had the latke sliders and hot brown soup. Both were very tasty and the portion was huge. 

We also had am omelette, a salad, a Cuban sandwich, and a blt. Fries were on point...and they just offered us some fried Oreos, to finish us off. 

Not too shabby, guys. 

And I spent about $12 (pre-tip, water to drink). 

We will definitely be back!
The three of us took a meandering road through Joe's menu, starting with steak tartare, moving onto Dover Sole with a caramelized butter sauce for one of us, and a 24oz dry-aged ribeye for each of the other two.  To share, we got the creamed spinach and the lyonnaise potatoes.  Oh, and six of the stone crab claws, which came pre-cracked and with Joe's mustard sauce which was just a little bit mustardy, and really, really tasty.  Dessert consisted of coconut cream pie and their peanut butter pie.  The peanut butter pie, filled with huge amounts of mousse, tasted like someone had made peanut butter into mousse which ... is as designed.  If you love peanut butter, you'll love the pie.

The steaks were deeply red in the middle -- on the rare side of medium rare, which is how I love them.  They were meaty, and rich, and had clearly been sitting around getting older by the day before they got served -- exactly what I'd want from dry-aged meat.  The food was fantastic.  

But the service ... oh, the service ...

Start with the fact that about 3 hours before dinner we asked to change our reservation from two to three and they cheerfully acceded to our request.  Come to the fact that we were half an hour early and they sat us down when we got there.  

And our waiter, Neil? an on-the-nose balance of friendliness, jocularity, but also leaving us alone when we wanted to talk.  The service was IMPECCABLE.  Neil walked us through the menu, suggested a few things, and more importantly suggested to avoid one or two things.  Nothing I hate more than a waiter who claims everything on the menu is great, and telling me that one or two things aren't great builds a ton of trust.  

They paid close attention to us, but from a respectful distance.  I was drinking iced tea and they noticed what sweetener I used and proactively brought me more.  At some point, when I finished a glass of iced tea, I timed it -- it took them 23 seconds to ask if I wanted another one.

I'd come here again.  Happily.
WTF, ARE YOU SERIOUS??? This place is total crap~! I ate here a couple of weeks ago with some friends who live nearby. It was a freezing, lazy kind of day so I thought we ought to have something soupy with other options as there were a few of us. While you can't please everyone, at least try, right?? Another friend recommended this place, saying she'd eaten at their other location and told me what to get but the item was not to be found on the menu at this location, but there was a sign in their window touting "authentic" cuisine so we all just ordered whatever seemed appetizing at the time.

We arrived at about 5pm to an empty restaurant decorated like a Zen spa with white-linen tables complete with wine glasses (BYOW if you wish): Buddha statues, incense burning, possibly even a small fountain somewhere, I don't recall. The sign in their window said they were closed but that wasn't the case. It was a blistery-cold day so we figured we'd be the only ones dining but then slowly a party of eight Asians came parading through with balloons and a cake. I figured how bad could it be, right? I WAS WRONG! I should have known when I saw bowls of pho for $10 and vermicelli for $12!

As much as I wanted soup, there was no way I was going to pay for pho at $10, so I went for some dish that I thought was going to be chicken with bamboo on rice in hot pot ($14). I know, it sounded like something I could get in Chinatown but nothing else really appealed to me that didn't sound like a complete rip-off! My friends ordered pad thai (don't ask; $13), another got the four-course meal with four skewers of different meats (one chicken, one beef, shrimp, and prob pork) for $25, and I can't remember what the other got but just as well as I didn't try theirs. 

My dish was AWFUL. There was ZERO flavour in it and no sauce in the toppings whatsoever so it was this dry pile of a few shreds of tasteless chicken (old, brown meat) and bamboo on top of rice that crusts from the hot pot. There was no appropriate sauce to go with this thing so I just ate what I could. My friend loved her pad thai which came with a fried spring roll and fish sauce, but she's also never had Viet food (not that pad thai is a Viet dish) so I guess the exotic factor had her swooning. I tried some and the noodles were overcooked and the only flavour I could detect was soy sauce! I didn't say anything to set her straight because really, if she's happy with it, who was I to tell her otherwise? Even still, what was up with the odd combination of the soy sauce pad thai with the spring roll\/fish sauce?? Our other friend's meal came with a choice of spring roll or bowl of soup, which was actually a mini bowl of pho, the four-skewers on rice plate, and some warm jelly dessert with coconut milk that I can't recall much more of, and the tea\/coffee option which never arrived. The other guy had something or other that was straight out of a Chinese menu. Even the sauces on their table were the kind you'd find in a Chinese resto: hot sauce (not sriracha) and soy sauce. 

Honestly, the meal was a total rip-off, coming out to ~$85 with tax, which is totally unheard of for four people in a Viet resto who aren't ordering things like seafood, or a whole roasted animal. Plus there was nothing "authentic" about this place. I don't know if this restaurant means to cater to non-Asians or Viet-food-virgins with its décor and white tablecloths and their sign about "authenticity" but even still, I thought since it's located in Brossard where there are tons of ethnics, that it would be more ...real? 

I have noticed a difference in Viet food in MTL vs Toronto and I have to say that I like TO's better but that's not reason to go stinking so badly! Thankfully we brought our own wine and didn't waste anymore money at this place, cos it was just AWFUL. The only plus was the service--our server wasn't overly friendly but still nice and attentive.
Located in a not-too-noticeable area of Chinatown.  Heard of this restaurant thru YELP reviews as well.  Overall, the experience was Ok.

The decor is regular, but the seatings were really cramped.  It wasn't too crowded of a place.  Small mom-and-pop shop vibe.

The service was Ok, but the waitresses were kind of slow with the bill.  I had to get up and pay the bill at the counter, when I believe they should've come to my table to get the bill from me.  

The food was fine.  My friend got a congee of some sort.  We shared a plate of fried dumplings (which is the go to plate for this restaurant).  The dumplings were good, so the food does make up for the cramped environment and the somewhat slow service.

Overall, it was OK.  Nothing to write home about.
I'm not sure whom this stupefying melange of so-so food, so-so service, so-so atmosphere, and bad prices is going for, but it's sure not me!
In our ever running quest to find a great wings place in the Phoenix area, my boyfriend and I stumbled upon Teakwoods.  We've been there a couple of times, and we've really enjoyed the overall experience on each of our visits.  First let me comment on how wonderful the service was.  It's a very laid back atmosphere, and the servers are all down to earth and easy to talk to and ask any questions.

I'm not a big fan of super spicy food, so I went with the Jess Jess wings.  A-MAZING.  I absolutely love them - they are fried then grilled, with bleu cheese crumbles to give them that extra bit of zing.  Very tasty.  My boyfriend went with the El Hefe (I hope I spelled that right...) wings, all suicide sauce instead of the mild with a dash of suicide like it states on the menu.  What a crazy fool.  However, he claims they aren't THAT spicy, and when he finally convinced me to try them, I didn't combust right on the spot.  So, for me they were just fine and a bit too spicy, but for someone who is looking for a really spicy wing, I don't think this would satisfy.  

We also had their potato skins, and they were just meh.  However, they do give you a nice big side salad if you order one, and they are reasonably priced.  They also have peanuts on every table, so if you are inclined to throw shells on the floor and make an incredible mess for the waitstaff at the end of the night, well, you have that option ;).

This is a good place to go for wings, and I'm sure we'll be back in the future.
An excellent experience all round.  It's great to stay away from the buy and dispose cycle when something breaks. We bought an excellent product and with some rough handling by the kids have been back for repairs. Everything has been fair, reasonable and quick. Our family is a happy customer.
All I can Say, is this this the Best Auto Body shop I have Ever been to ..
Service ***** 5 Stars 
Work***** 5 Stars 
Price *****5 Stars 
The gave me a Quote and finish the Car in a In Imaginable Amount of Short Time.

I will Always Use RainTree Auto Body in the Future. 
And Lets Face it Phoenix is the fender-bender Capital of the United States. 

So I encourage everyone and their brothers, sisters, Family and Friends to come HERE!!!!!!!
You will not Regret it.. 

Thanks Raintree. 

Your are the Bomb.!

Laura S Killian 
Honda Civic with a dented Rear Bumper
BEST WINGS & NACHOS IN CHARLOTTE!!!! They also have the best blue cheese dressing to dip the wings in. So So Good!!! My favorite wing flavors are Garlic Parmesan & BBQ!! I regret I never tried DD PECKERS sooner than we did but this is now our go to place for wings & nachos!!
This review is strictly for their employee. I think his name was Morgan. He was awesome! Hardworking, friendly (even though it was crazy busy) and just an all around great employee! More businesses should have employees like him. I will be coming back due to his excellent service!
Rocks, paper, scissors...choose rocks..cuz thier jynormous tortillas rock! Not to mention their machaca...plus every other thing I have ever had there...I like the South location the best, but Cactus will do when heading North.
I admit it... I'm a fan of 944!  I like to be entertained, see what events are coming up, and look at the photos for people I know.

I understand what the yelpers before me wrote about and I don't disagree at all.  However, if you take it for what it's worth, and pick up a free copy when they come out every month, it's fun to flip through the pages.  

I am writing this review after checking out the April 2008 issue specifically, and I'm extremely impressed to see that starting with the next issue, 944 is going green!  They say that "in an effort to lessen environmental impact, they will be switching to ECO-FRIENDLY PAPER that will eliminate waste and use 30% less new materials.  This issue is dedicated to people who are making strides to ensure the survival of the planet.  Maybe I'm a sucker, but I will say that I was pretty impressed with that!

Go get your issue today!
Overall Experience: 3.5\/5
A good alternative to the other bubble tea places in the area. Drinks are good, and they have some items on the menu you can't get elsewhere.

Food\/Drink: 2.5\/5
The menu at CoCo isn't as large as some other bubble tea places. There aren't many green tea options, for example they don't have Lychee Green Tea. From what they do have available on the menu, the drinks are good. CoCo offers Sago as a topping, which is almost like mini-tapioca, something that you don't find often at bubble tea. Their banana smoothie beverages are also made with real bananas. Prices are as you would expect, around $5 for a bubble tea.

Service: 4\/5
Service is very quick in comparison to the other bubble tea shops around, usually in and out of there in about 10 minutes. They go the extra step to even shake your drink and wiping any excess on the outside of the cup before handing it to you.

Atmosphere: 4\/5
Atmosphere is lively, with many people dining in, conversing and playing games. The restaurant is kept in clean condition.

Tips & Recommendations:
-Try the Banana Chocolate Smoothie
-Try the Pudding Banana Smoothie
-Parking can be difficult at times, the lot isn't very big
-Offers Vicinity
-Lunch Break Friendly? Yes
This. Place. Is. AMAZING!
We watched a play nearby last night and by the time it was done, we were starving! It was 11pm, and we were looking to EAT. This place is open 24 hrs! And they were very busy at this time of night, the restaurant was pretty full, and new customers were constantly arriving.. and I could see why -- the food was SO good and the servers were SO friendly. 
I've never had Persian food before, and I can't believe I've been missing this my whole life. We ordered the Gheimeh Bademjan, which is a stew of veal with roasted eggplant and a delicious sauce. The flavours were like nothing I've had before, in the most magical way possible. It's served with a huge plate of rice (and of course, naan, onions, and some other garnish for the table). I ate the WHOLE thing even though I was stuffed after eating half the portion (I may have unbuttoned my jeans on my way home). 
My partner got the lambshank and dill rice. That was also very good -- the meat was falling off the bones! I will say that compared to my very-flavourful stew, this dish was a bit bland, but it was still very delicious. 
Now that I've discovered this place (and my apparent love for Persian food) I will DEFINITELY be back -- especially because it's open 24hrs!!  It's worth the drive!
I always wished we had something of this caliber in San Antonio.  I remember coming here all the time when my parents and I would make our trips to Phoenix back in the day.  There was always a lot to do and time would always pass by quickly when we'd get wrapped up in arcade games and mini golf.
I came here with Jennifer C. while on lunch one day because I am in love with breakfast. When she suggested it I looked at their menu and saw my favorite breakfast food biscuits and gravy. 

One thing about me, I am a biscuits and gravy connoisseur. I have had them everywhere possible, and am on a mission to find the best biscuits and gravy around. 

Since they only have it as a side I also ordered some bacon, thinking that it might be a small portion, like maybe only 1 biscuit. I was wrong, it was definitely 2 large biscuits. Plenty of food. The only problem was I didn't get my bacon. After 15 minutes the waiter came over and noticed, but by this point I had decided I didn't need the bacon. He asked if I wanted it, in which I said no, it was fine. He then said "but I already charged you for it". I gave him a look and he said reluctantly that he could take it off. Thanks? 

The gravy wasn't my favorite. It was buttery or greasy, or something and brown. Not a big fan of brown gravy for breakfast foods. Brown gravy goes on dinner foods. (Did I mention I was raised in the South?)

I was also able to get a mimosa, a $5 special which was very good. 

Overall, I would give them another go, just not the biscuits and gravy. Maybe stuffed french toast?
I arrived 15-20 minutes before opening and there was already a line. Once open my partner and I were seated promptly. We ordered the the Truffle Parmesan Fries, Farm Burger and the Hell's Kitchen Burger. 

My mouth exploded with flavors after the first bite of truffle parmesan fries. It was just that good! I've never in my life had fries that good. Bite after bite I couldn't stop myself. Even after eating my burger and I was stuffed I still kept eating. Fries weren't overly greasy, the potato had a nice velvety texture, and the parmesan added an extra touch of indulgence. My favorite sauce was the truffle mayo. It was more than enough for two people. 

I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger because of it's name. My reasoning was simple, I've seen the show before so why not try the burger. The waiter did warn me that it was spicy and asked if I liked spicy food... I do. However, the jalepeno was very spicy in my opinion and I was gulping down water. The beef pattie was good and the bun toasty but not too toasted. My only criticism was that there's not enough advocado. I had one thin slice of advocado that only covered a third of the burger. That was a big let down. I would have enjoyed the burger so much more with the cooling effect of the advocado. One star knocked off for this. 

The Farm burger was delightful. Everthing was cooked well and the egg ozzing out was perfection. 

I would definitely recommend this place. I don't think the price is high considering it's right on the strip in Planet Hollywood and it belongs to a world famous chef. Service was great. Our waiter was VERY friendly and attentive. He took the time to talk to us, even though the restaurant was filling up. I really appreaciated this, especially in Vegas. 

Thanks for the yummy food!
Place was amazing.  Lady was super sweet.  Definitely would recommend. She made if feel very comfortable and welcomed.    Would love to go back for second viewing.  The picture quality is truly amazing.
Noodlecat has gone way downhill. It is sad. What used to be a great authentic ramen experience with great alternatives like the best chirashi in town has turned into a shadow of its former self.
Wasn't really a big fan of Indian food, but once every ten years or so, I can sample this type of food. Even if you order it level one, there is a chance of sweating. The spices don't burn, but they do linger for a bit. I can't pronounce what I ordered, but it involved chicken breast chunks in a heavy sauce with onions and peppers. The dish was good and so was the basmati rice which was included in the price of the entree. Otherwise, it is essential that you of course order the garlic Naan and that lived up to the hype with a light tough of garlic on soft bread. The mango lassi didn't taste too mangoey, but was a nice creamy cool down when things got hot. Check-in on Yelp for a free rice pudding which has some hidden raisins and nuts buried inside. The place is on the outskirts of a shady neighborhood, but as far as Indian food goes, it was a good new experience.
Had a wonderful experience here with my boyfriend. We ordered the gnocchi with red sauce and the salumi plate. Light appetizers and drinks were perfect for us. The food was fantastic and the portions were just right. The bartender John was a really great guy. It was my birthday and he made me a delicious birthday drink. He was friendly and knowledgable. We will definitely be returning here when we come back to Cleveland!
I'm conflicted because I'm not sure if I just don't dig Hawaiian food or if it's just this place. The malasadas were A1 though, so they've got that going for them in my book. 

I've actually visited Hawaii a few times and ate there...I enjoyed the food during my visit. I was craving some Hawaiian food and decided to try this place. It was simply OKAY. The chicken that I ordered didn't seem all the way done, but perhaps it was a fluke? Not sure. The rice and mac salad were both tasty. The fish that I ordered was good, the batter that they use was tasty!

The wait time wasn't extremely long...though, we did have enough time to visit another place to order food (for the boyfriend). The service was...quick. Seemed like everyone was in a hurry. 

I am willing to give this place another try... scratch that, I want to give this place another try. So I will update then... but for now, it was simply "okay.
I found my new restaurant for breakfast!  The food was great.   The service was great.   I got the brunch burger.... Definitely a must try.   Also got a chance to meet the owners.  They were so nice and welcoming.  Definitely a must try if you are in the North Rdgeville area!
Egg works is easily the best breakfast place in Las Vegas...maybe anywhere. They have one of the most versatile menus I have ever seen. Not only do they have breakfast, but also a good lunch menu. I have the "Chili Skillet" with "Cincinnati Style" chili. I am from Cincinnati. I can tell you, this is really authentic Cincy style chili. When combined with scrambled eggs and potatoes and cheese with awesome spices, this is one of the best dishes I've had. Also, the servers are really good and friendly. Great business plan, great service, awesome place to go.
I can't comment on the food but I placed an order through Eat24, which is only supposed to offer restaurants that deliver to your location. They charged me for it, sent me a confirmation, then waited nearly an hour (how long the delivery was supposed to take) to notify me that I was out of their delivery area and they had cancelled my order. If that's how they do business I think I'll take mine somewhere else.
My husband and I are ALWAYS searching for great pizza. We live in California but went on vacation in Las Vegas and decided to try it out here. It was amazing and a very generous amount for a great price. You walk in and your mouth just starts to water because it smells amazing. We waited a little while and dug into our pizza. The sauce is very mild but delicious and there was a good amount of cheese. It was thin crust but that's how I like pizza! If we ever vacation here again were coming back to Rocco's!
I try to only post when a place deserves five stars, because...well...my knit picky opinions shouldn't matter to anyone. All of us know when we see a great thing. Atomic is that...great.

Dive bar. Old school. Hunter S. Thompson. 'Enough said. The vibe was great. Bartenders were awesome and clearly saw that myself and friends were not locals. They didn't care. Friendly, down to earth, and knowledgeable. 

Great drinks and regulars. This place is what Vegas needs more of. Will definitely be back!!!
Fabulous shopping experience in the art district downtown...good, visible security, you sign in with a lock on a heart that you can check out every time you go there....no charge.  2 stories and user friendly with elevators or stairs, a presentation point for performances that I thought was a petting zoo...huge choice of adequate restaurants and a couple of gift shops.  No valet and limited parking for handicapped.
Used to prefer Pita Nutsy, but Osmow's surpassed them years ago and hasn't looked back since.

You can see the success with the openings everywhere, and its because they've kept with what has worked -- good food at a reasonable price.
Good burgers and good chili fries, albeit everything at Fatburger is quite on the expensive side for fast food.

This Fatburger is located in the food court area inside of Wild Horse Pass Hotel & Casino, so it's convenient if you're staying in the hotel and need to satisfy a late night burger craving.

Service was okay but the employees could have been friendlier.
Good experience at Cabin. Friendly staff, never waited for anything. Food was good, drinks were better. Will visit again.
Had breakfast with the family here today. 

Food was good. The seasonal French Toast was yummy. 

They do have a kids menu

Coffee was fair. 

There is a bar and a Starbucks in this store!

Update:
We really like it here. Lots of options and they have different specials each night. The pizza is good. I made salad from the salad bar today and hubby ordered a burger. The fries are delicious too!!
Great locally owned coffee shop across from Midwestern University! I stop here a couple times a week before class - the staff is always incredibly friendly and service is quick. The coffee beats what you'll get at Starbucks or Coffee Bean in quality if not price.
180 of 525,600.  The amount of a year it took my opinion of a once great restaurant to crumble.  What's worse, I'm the current "duke".

Downgrade reason?  The restaurant does not care about their guest.

1.  Serving warm Champagne.  OK, so it was only a $120 bottle.  Not a $500 Krug but I believe they could spring for $0.20 of ice.  The server knew it was warm and poured anyway.

2.  75 minute wait between courses.  Perhaps the pumpkin for the soup needed to grow, or someone had to catch a run away octopus, IDK.   The "real" reason, they were having problems with the ovens.  How about showing some respect and letting the customer know?

3.  Allowing a visibly flawed dish to be served then laughing about it.  A cook must have assembled the dish.  Someone must have approved it at the pass.  A server clearly sees the dish and still presents it.  Cold, rubbery, octopus.  A film on the sauce from air conditioning.  When asked "how is everything?"  I said the dish was bad and obviously sat at the pass for half an hour.  The server's reply "haha, yeah it did".  Well F you too!

To be fair, the restaurant manager did apologize and remove items from the check, but this isn't a case of a little green worm happily munching your organic salad with you, rather obvious mistakes bordering on purposeful. 

Objective food review (best to worst)

Grand Marnier Souffle - Simply outstanding.  Perfect in every respect.  Perfect texture, perfect moisture.  The cream, perfectly infused.  The side of ginger \/ citrus ice cream a perfect foil adding a hint of bitterness.  Well controlled sweetness.

Tarte Flambe - Tasty as usual but sloppy in assembly.  Onion, bacon, asparagus, and truffle atop a layer of creme fraiche on a cracker.  Great but the end two pieces had NO topping what so ever.

Grilled Octopus - Cold, rubbery, dry octopus atop a dry heart of palm, sweet teardrop tomatoes, dry sea beans, desiccated citrus caviar, a lemon vinaigrette and chipotle aioli.  Too bad since this dish would have been PERFECT in it's balance and flavor if it were served when it was made.

Roasted Kabocha Soup with seared foie and honey toast - Awful.  Sweetness way off balance.  The foie had a rubbery texture.  Extremely livery bordering on the flavor of spoiled beef liver.  Foie?  More like old chicken liver.

Service is a joke where even guest sitting at the bar had to endure a bartender more interested in the football game than them.

Decent wine list with very high Vegas resort markup.

Oh well... "Look my eyes are dry.  The gift was ours to borrow...
First time here it was a really sweet experience. Perfect place to satisfy a sweet tooth. My boyfriend knew Steven (the manager?) and everyone was super friendly. The vibe was great. Good music and an awesome chalkboard to go ham on your artistic side. Really good chewy macaron ice-cream! Steven even gave us a stamp card! Although one of the workers got my order wrong (lemon macaron instead of taro) i didn't want him to waste it so I took it anyway.

2nd visit- I came with my sister, my sisters boyfriend and my boyfriend and ordered like 3+ desserts. When my sister gave the stamp card to get 3 or 4 more stamps the dude ruthlessly went ahead and re-stamped the boxes already filled. She called him out and he played it off like he didn't see it. We were like whatever, but then the atmosphere got weird and we were considering going home and eating it instead. We felt like the people who were working were really unfriendly. Didn't greet us when we came in and said "what did you guys want?" And my boyfriend politely asked for more time to look at the menu. Little things like that. Well onto the dessert: I got a white chocolate macadamia + pistachio ice cream with a green tea cone and red velvet macaron on the side (probably won't get the green tea cone again since it tasted kinda stale) and my sister got a vanilla macaron with thai tea ice-cream. We are very happy with the exotic asian ice cream flavors like black sesame! Can't find it anywhere else so close to where we live. Coming back without a doubt for solely the dessert.

3rd visit- Came back for a oreo and vanilla macaron and guava ice cream (so delicious) I used the rest of my stamp card now it is just waiting to be used and the same guy stamped it correctly this time. LOL
Fantastic location and prices! I signed up for their club and get coupons so dog food is decent price. Staff is always friendly and the store is always organized. It's very close to my home so I will be back often!
Our new weekend coffee shop. Absolutely love this place. Great decor, service, and most importantly coffee! The nitro cold brew is awesome, wife loves the latte's, and kids love the Brazilian cakes!
I want to give my experience with Beckett's Table tonight 5 stars, because I loved so much about it, but it didn't quite live up to "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"

I made 8pm reservations for our table of four, and I'm glad I did, since they seemed to stay steady throughout the evening.  Our waitress was pleasant and helpful from beginning to end.  One note: ask for the bread immediately.  We didn't receive ours until we had been there at least 30 minutes and our entrees were nearly ready - easy to look over, though, because the bread was awesome.

Two from our party ordered the vegetable tower entree, which seemed to please both of them.  I didn't hear rave reviews, but no complaints either.  I ordered the chicken and dumplings and a side order of the mac and cheese to share with the table.  The c&d were DELICIOUS - I finished every bite and was sufficiently filled but not stuffed.  The mac and cheese helped give everyone else something to pick at, which everyone seemed to like.  It wasn't extraordinarily unique mac and cheese, but it hit the spot.  The fourth person at our table had the short ribs, which none of us could get enough of.  I know it was outstanding and I only had two bites of it!

I also appreciated Beckett's wine, beer, and cocktails list.  The beer selection was sizable, which I liked, and the wine list included several from Arizona.  My wife actually had the Grenache blend from AZ - we both liked it a lot and would order it again without hesitation.

All in all, Beckett's made for a great night.  Good location, really cool architecture, friendly service, and excellent food and drink!
The food was good but the service was awful. We had 3 waiters  abandon our table. Finally, we ask for the check and our third waiter says okay then starts setting up tables. Finally, a fourth waiter comes in for the play to ask if we want the check. Wtf?! Seriously. Awful.
I've eaten a good share of homemade eastern european food and this place is amazing. Extremely affordable, homemade and delicious. Book marking this place and def coming back!
Let's say that this is homestyle cooking. The food was ample in portion but needs a little lift. The salad is very basic and bland. Needs a little color and flavour. There was not a lot of excitement from the start.

I was craving a great steak and I had never been here before. The Ribeye (My favorite cut) was lacking in the quality of the beef. It tastes like grocery store Holstein and looked like it when it cooked up too. The meal covered my hunger bit I felt this place could be so much better with just a little tweeking. 

The decor I loved and it screams Texas. It was fun to read the articles and see all of the hats hanging from the ceiling. As always, I may have just caught it on an off day. Check it out for yourself.
We came for their first Saturday and I'm struggling to find adjectives for "awesome". 

They'll be brewing their own beer in the next few weeks so I won't review beverages. Great temp selection of brews for now. 

Regarding food: we ordered the pretzel, chicken-fried calamari, and rapini salad as small plates, and shared the lamb meatball sandwich. From a portion perspective, it's more than enough for two. 

Pretzel: perfectly chewy, comes with wonderful house-made butter and a great honey mustard (it packs a punch, not to be taken lightly). 

Calamari: you know rubber? You know how calamari so often tastes like rubber? This is NOT that. This is the opposite of that. Perfectly tender inside, crispy on the outside. Deserves accolades. 

Rapini salad: this has the texture you wish all your salads had. It's got a great crunch and perfectly balanced out our otherwise heavy meal. 

Lamb meatball sandwich: lots of strong flavours. Recommend. 

Lemon tart: to be clear, we did not need more food at this point... BUT IT WAS SO GOOOOOOOOD. 

Shout out to our server, Andrew: very attentive service. We felt super welcomed and taken care of throughout our meal. This is not a restaurant that's struggling with process or keeping up with demand. 

I'll update the review if things change. So far: A+++++.
My boyfriend and I saw this last year when his dad and step-mom came to Vegas to visit. I think we were all pretty much in agreement on what we thought about the show.

I think it's over-hyped. There were too many "dead" moments (they stand there and stare at each other for like five minutes, multiple times throughout the show. We didn't pay money to watch them stare at each other!). 

It was really slow and didn't offer much entertainment, just open mouthed "huh?"s. Granted, there were a couple of interesting moments but overall it wasn't worth the money.

And we didn't appreciate the innuendo of them considering the audience to be c**p. The toilet paper and the plumbing were just too much. Who calls their audience feces? "Thanks for coming to our show! You're all CR**!" Huh?

The next night we all went to see Wayne Brady and enjoyed it a million times more.  Now that was entertaining!
awesome service.  the owner is so nice and they are so helpful when it comes to recommendations or finding you what you want.  using this service for over a year now.  thank you.
I come here for the lunch specials regularly. At $10-12 for pasta, sandwiches or meals that come with soups or salads it's very reasonably priced. The decor is lovely and it has a more casual feel to it than other italian places in this neck of the woods. The tiramisu is to DIE FOR! I wish the bread served in the restaurant was warmer, and came with butter that wasn't rock hard. Fresh baked bread with butters, oils and vinegars is just such a staple.
Free crab Rangoon with order - probably the best I have ever had. Really good orange chicken and good bourbon chicken. I prefer non breaded bourbon chicken but it was delish. Very quick delivery and generous portions. Heard good things at work and wanted Chinese tonight. Will order again.
I'm surprised to see such bad reviews of this office because my experience was really good. My husband and I got in the same day we called. We had about 5 pages of paperwork to fill out and were called back as soon as we finished them. We were immediately seen by an assistant and probably waited no more than 10 minutes for the PA. She was thorough and helpful and answered ALOT of questions. I see some of the reviews are based on call time holds being lengthy and while I haven't needed to call for anything important yet, while I was in the lobby waiting, the office staff seemed very attentive to the phones. So far I'm really pleased with this office.
Thank you Mr. Lynn Marble for the AWESOME & EASY experience in renewing my health insurance.  Great job in making sure that I have the correct plan that works for my family.  Very affordable with great coverage.  You made me feel very comfortable in knowing that my family would be protected..  I will definitely sing your praises.  Thanks again..!!
Great food and good portions. It's also reasonably priced as far as Korean BBQ goes. Definitely recommend it! They don't do same day reservations though and get pretty busy, so be prepared to wait.
Food: 4
Service: 4

This place is worth it. I was super happy to be satisfied with my meal, as often times hype is just hype. I got the Shack cheeseburger,  cheese fries and a chocolate shake. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is staying on or near the strip and wants a good burger that is fast.  

The line was intimidating when walking into the restaurant, but it moved quickly and the food was served promptly.  We only had one issue where a ice cream separator paper ended up in my friend's shake, but the manager was quick to apologize and remedy the situation.  I would definitely come here again next time I find myself in Vegas.
China Joe's is below average. I placed an order for delivery. They were late, the soup had spilled out into the delivery bag, and they delivered the wrong food item to my roommate. Also, they charge a dollar extra for shrimp lo mein and I got 4 shrimp. Come on!!! I don't believe I will be ordering from them again.
For the best Japanese groceries in Madison, go here! I have never bought something here that I did not like, and although it is a little more expensive here than at other Asian grocery stores, you get very good quality products. Be aware that they do not sell very much produce - the most I have seen in the way of produce is a small amount of seasonal fruit. However, it is the one place in Madison that I have found rice of the caliber I ate during my days as a foreign exchange student living with a Japanese host family. They are also the only place I know that sells sushi\/sashimi grade fish (it is delivered every other Saturday), and they have an awesome selection of Japanese candy. The place is run by a Japanese family and they are pleasant and helpful. It's a great store any way you look at it.
Customer service is fantastic! Needed my small business server repaired and this company took care of it quickly and efficiently. They explained what my issues were and the price was fair! I will definitely recommend them to anyone that needs this type of service.
Overall, fine. I needed food and was flying out of this terminal so it worked.

Food was lacking in flavor and texture. White Cheddar Mashed Potatoes were missing the white cheddar. Bacon BBQ Burger: bacon yummy, bbq sauce a little tomato-y, patty dry, bun dry and crumbly. One thing I will say, thank you for serving the burgers with the lettuce tomato and onion on the side so I can doctor up my burger with sauce first before adding my toppings. 

Service was good, nothing against them. But the food wasn't as satisfying as I would have hoped.
First off, let me start by saying, if you are considering using Scenic Las Vegas, stop considering, and do it! You will NOT be disappointed. From the moment we contacted Melissa, she was kind, personable, and extremely forthcoming with all information. Not only will she help you select the package that best fits your needs, she is flexible and will work with you if you have special requests. We had somewhat of an unconventional ceremony, and this was of no issue to Scenic Las Vegas. Therefore, we were allowed to truly personalize our day just for us. It is clear from the get go that this company is not interested in forcing you into a cookie-cutter ceremony; their goal is to make your day special for YOU. In addition, my mother has some specific mobility needs, and Melissa made sure she'd be taken care of and safe out at the Valley of Fire. 
The ceremony itself was more than we could have asked for-the scenery was incredible, and Melissa did an outstanding job of officiating. We selected a later ceremony time, hoping to snag some of the sunset pictures you see on their website. However, mother nature had other plans, and we had the experience of seeing hail and flash flooding in the desert. Scenic Las Vegas certainly had no control over the weather, but they did have control over how they handled it. They tried to get in as many photos as possible before the storm overtook the Valley of Fire, and  also made sure we all got out safely. At first, my fiancé and I were a bit dissipated that we didn't get the sunset photos we had always hoped for, but once we saw our photos taken by Melissa's husband, Trey, we soon realized we actually had the most beautiful clouds from the storm in the background. So, in the end, we didn't even mind that we missed out on those pictures, thanks to Trey's stellar photography skills. The photos we have are literally some of the most beautiful, artistic photos we have ever seen. There is a reason this company has such high reviews, and I promise you will not regret using them. Take it from a very happy couple, using Scenic Las Vegas is the way to go!
I had what I could only describe as a pleasant if innocuous  Thai meal here.It started well with what they call Cottage wings These were crispy chicken wings without a hint of oiliness They came with a wonderful sweet hot chili dipping sauce and I  devoured them.Then the main dish., pineapple curry with pork came and my enthusiasm flagged.The first thing I noticed were the peas  and carrots which had to have come from cans or frozen packs.Then the taste which reminded me of the old American Chinese dish sweet and sour and the memory was not a pleasant one.The pork itself was tasteless.There was no complexity to this dish as in real Thai cooking. I mean I'm not expecting  Pok Pok
here but Pittsburgh has to do better than this.
I'll keep looking for that more authentic Thai meal and if I find it I'll let you know.The service here was great but the food just OK.
I went here the other day for lunch. It took forever to have someone take my order (maybe because I wasn't sitting at the bar). Anyways, I had to go up to a bar attendant to order my food. Very odd, right? The server was kind and I had my plate in about 15 minutes. Place is clean, but feels very dark. Prices aren't that bad. It's worth checking out.
I'm torn.

Because the bathroom was like something out of a horror movie. I even washed my hands twice and used toilet paper to open the door because I was so grossed out by what I saw.

On the other hand, the cashier gave me a lower price on an item I'd seen online, and then an additional 20% off after that.

So...3.5?
Was ok. I had the Ruben burger and it was good. Girlfriend had a build your own burger and asked for rare. Came out all but well done. Sweet potato tots were good and came with a delicious cinnamon butter. Service was fair and food brought quickly. Bill was just under $20 for two burgers, tots and one drink. Definitely would consider going back but wasn't real impressed.
So glad they finally opened up out here.  Missing them from my days living in the DC area.  It's nice to go to a place and not have to have some secret handshake or know the special code, "animal double dribble with a side of wasssssuuuup" or however y'all order at that In n Out place.  

Looking forward to the opening of the one on Craig Rd. as it will be better than having to travel to Hendertucky all the time. 

The deal is, those that love In N Out will hate Five Guys and vice versa.  Didn't realize the burger wars were worse than the east coast\/west coast rap wars.  It's just food!
Very happy with the services and pricing. I have been twice for a massage and last time treated myself to a facial with Ellie. She is kind and friendly. Great facial :-)
I have used Cobblestone a few times. There customer service is great and there is a Dunkin Doughnuts attached!
HANDS DOWN the Best pharmacy out there!  These people know their job, are friendly, courteous and professional in every way.  

The parking situation is not so great as their building is attached to the hospital and shares the same parking lot but everything else makes up for that! Believe me!  Grab a drink next door at the café, BS with the pharmacy staff or read your Kindle while you wait.  

There is a nice patio with tables and chairs right outside the doors of the pharmacy, great for when it cools off.  

I enjoy using this pharmacy because they don't "grief me" for filling my pain med scripts ON TIME like EVERY OTHER PHARMACY I've ever used.  
Imagine it!  
No inordinate wait and no evil power hungry pharmacists laughing at you as you writhe in pain...
Ok, maybe it's not that bad but when you are in pain, it may certainly feel that way. 

Just don't abuse your meds and you won't have any problems here.
Pretty good selection of seafood items. No one item to rave about but across the board acceptable quality.  Mongolian BBQ station had only two meat items but nice selection of veggies for your enjoyment. Large dessert area including ice cream you scoop out yourself. Sushi tasty with ginger and various Asian salads and dishes the Asian pallet would enjoy.
Best fast food burger. I love In n Out, and I think this one is better. The topping choices are unbeatable, the Little Burger is plenty for an adult, and tastes really good.  Fries are excellent, although I prefer In n Out's more. 

Coke machine is awesome. Coke Zero Cherry Vanilla is my personal favorite.

Improvements: more condiment choices at the counter. Only ketchup available at the counter seems skimpy. Maybe decreases the clutter but different types of mustards, relish, maybe peppers would be a nice addition. I understand you can order it but I would have preferred to put the sauces on myself.

Overall an super burger.
Wow, Zombie Burlesque is a hilarious, interactive, beautiful and impressive show, combining many different types of acts with live music and exceptional performers.  I must admit something, I had low hopes about Zombie Burlesque.  My group had decided we would like to see the show and I imagined it would be kinda silly.  I think the Zombie aspect is used to get the masses in the door, but as gimmicky as it may sound, the show itself is so impressive!

I don't want to give away too much about the show itself, but the venue is located in the Planet Hollywood Casino.  It is small enough that there is no bad seat in the house.  Your ticket includes a free drink and souvenir cup.  All I can say beyond that is...Go see it! The price was great compared to other shows on the strip and you will be highly entertained.
My husband has despised this location for years.   Ok ok I'm on board too.  Constant cutbacks always under staffed.   They no longer provide notary without appointment & it is only on select days.  Always trying to sell something.   
If you want good costumer service... this is not the location for you.
I had not been here for over 15 years due to a relocation. I stopped in last week and it was like I never left. The food is absolutely delicious and the people are as nice as you can find. Best selection of sides, only complaint is I could not choose one so I had to choose 3 !!!!! Best Roasted Chicken I have ever eaten. Favorite sides are smoked cheese pasta and dil potation salad.  
Highly recommend, you will not be disapointed.
I often stop here when I am looking for cross training shoes. I like the fact that when you walk in they measure your feet and then ask you to take a short walk back and forth in order to help determine the style of shoe best suited for your foot.

Most of the shoes they offer are for running which I can no longer do. I was told that some of them can be adapted for cross training which I desperately need when I do my workouts at the gym. They offer orthotics, heel inserts, and other items to help with comfort and support. 

Fleet feet also carries socks, fitness apparel, foundations for women and some items which you can use in your workouts. Lines they carry include Brooks, Saucony, Asics, and Nike to name a few.

Customer service is good and they do have a rewards program depending upon your spend and once you receive an award you have a certain time frame in which to use it. Located in a small strip mall across from Village Square, they are open pretty much all the time. They do have special events for runners as well as events if you sign up on their e-mail list.

Keep in mind these shoes are pricey but remember you get what you pay for. Sometimes it is worth paying a little extra if my shoes will last me longer than 6 months.
Had the Salvatore and Dolche Diavolo. Extremely tasty. Highly recommended. Cheese is very good, but proceed with some caution for those who are lactose intolerant.
Honestly I have been wanting to come here for quite some time. Finally my wife and I decided to give it a shot. As soon as I stepped in and I was surprised to see the restaurant was very  vintage looking. We fell in love with it right away. The service was just a plus. She offered items that we didn't know that could be added to what we ordered. I ordered the chicken pesto panini with a chicken noodle soup! Amazing!!! My wife ordered the Italian sausage melt with a beef and veggie soup and it was just as good. I can't wait till I come again!!!
This place is why Yelp should allow Zero stars. I was driving by today at lunch and saw the tanning sign. Hadn't tanned in a few days so I thought I would drop in. Big mistake. Got setup in a level 2 bed and waited for the auto start. When it never happened I asked the attendant she said that I "had to push the green button." OK, but there is no green button. Got dressed and she came in, mumbled something about things not working and set me up in the bed next door. Got ready and saw 20 minutes on the timer, good to go. Hit the green button and...nothing. Hit all the buttons and nothing. If there had been a self destruct button I would have hit that to put this place out of everybody's misery. Got dressed again and left the room. Attendant again mumbled something about "sorry, we just opened, let me get the owner, maybe he'll give you a refund." Maybe? Don't you worry your pretty little head princess, I'll get my refund.

Regarding Sal's comment, I didn't speak with him that day or any other. Clearly he pissed off more than one customer that day and got us confused. You don't need to worry about my life Sal, it's pretty good. I keep it that way by not wasting any time with businesses like yours. Keep up the good work

3\/8\/2016 so now we know Sal is not only incompetent, but also a liar. Sorry Sal, didn't talk to you at all. You're insistence that it happened goes to show how slimy you really are.
I believe this place changed ownership.  The food and service are not what they once where. Still a good value overall
I've been here a couple times and it just gets better and better!!     My first visit I had a margherita pizza and it was very flavorful and crust was amazing.  

This last visit I had the pleasure of ordering the caprese sandwich.    Omg!!     Wowza was it perfect.    In my head I was thinking it would be like any old sandwich I've had over the years that has a hard crusty bread.    So happy that I was pleasantly surprised with the softest, perfect bread!    The mozzarella cheese was fresh, soft, creamy.     It was a compliment to the rich tomatoes, the pesto sauce and the balsamic glaze.       Everything was just exactly exquisite!     Not sure I'm going to be willing to try anything new when I go back because I loved that caprese sandwich so much!
Auch wegen der guten Bewertungen in der letzten Zeit (wenn auch überwiegend immer vom gleichen Bewerter) haben wir heute mal das italienische Restaurant Il Gioiello in Remseck-Pattonville besucht. Die Lokalität befindet sich in einem neueren Backsteinkomplex an der Hauptstraße (an der Ecke Bäckerei Strohmaier). Parkplätze sind in der näheren Umgebung in ausreichender Zahl vorhanden. Der saubere Gastraum ist durch große Glasflächen lichtdurchflutet und in zwei Ebenen gestaltet. Nach Betreten der Lokalität wurden wir vom etwas ungepflegt wirkenden Ober (vermutlich Chefe) freundlich begrüßt und an einen freien Platz verwiesen. Der Tisch war sauber und ordentlich gedeckt, weiße Tischdecke mit rosa Überdecke, Blümchen, Öl-Essigständer, Papierserviette und Besteck. Das Restaurant war etwa zur Hälfte gefüllt. Die Speisekarte wurde sofort gebracht. Es waren alle Speisen enthalten, die man in einem italienischen Restaurant so erwartet. Da der Hunger nicht ganz so groß war, bestellten wir 1x vegetarische Pizza klein (8,-€uro), 1x Pizza Calzone (8,-€uro), dazu einen viertel Liter Montepulciano (3,30 €uro) und ein kleines Bier (2,30 €uro). Später folgten noch 2 Espresso (je 1,80 €uro).
Die Getränke wurden schnell gebracht und entsprachen den Erwartungen. Kurz darauf wurde uns von einer Frau aus der Küche ein Salatteller serviert, den wir nicht extra bestellt hatten (auch weil wir nicht so großen Hunger hatten). Sie erläuterte, dass der Salat zur Pizza gehöre und nicht extra bezahlt werden müsse. Grazie mamma :-)) . Wie in den meisten italienischen Lokalitäten üblich, war der Salat nicht angemacht. Dazu standen auf unserem Tisch ein Set mit Öl, Essig, Salz und Pfeffer bereit. Besonders positiv anzumerken ist, dass diese Teile in sehr sauberem Zustand waren und nicht wie sonst oft üblich, diese von den Vorbenutzern total verklebt und verdreckt dem Folgebenutzer überlassen werden. Der Salatteller bestand hauptsächlich aus Eisbergsalat, einigen Blättern Radigio, zwei Gurkenscheiben, zwei Möhrenscheiben und einem Tomatenschnitz. Einfallslos, überflüssig...geschenkt.
Danach folgte die vegetarische Pizza und die Pizza Calzone. Die Teile sahen optisch ordentlich aus (siehe Fotos). Die Beläge, einschließlich der Pilze waren frisch, nichts aus der Dose. Geschmacklich alles in Ordnung. Beim Pizzateig, dem Untergrund, scheiden sich die Geister. Jeder mag das anders. Ich mag es nicht, wenn der Teig dick und brotig daherkommt, wie bei den Amis. Bei den servierten Pizzen ging das in diese Richtung was nicht in unserem Sinne war. Die beigefügten speziellen Pizzamesser waren ziemlich abgegriffen und von billigster Qualität, mit zu kurzem Griff und die Klinge verbog sich bei jedem Schnitt. Da könnte man ohne große Kosten Abhilfe schaffen. Der Service war freundlich und schnell.
Fazit: Ordentliches italienisches Restaurant. Die Preise für das Gebotene waren eher an der oberen Grenze. Unser "Lieblingsitaliener" wird das "il Gioiello" allerdings sicher nicht werden.
I loved my experience with Nathan! my tattoo is absolutely amazing and I am beyond happy with it, on top of that Nathan was so sweet and accommodating.
The space was clean and comfortable and everyone was very friendly. 10\/10.
Very money orientated! If you don't mind emptying your wallet then this is that place to go. They WILL manipulate your feelings and guilt you into the worst case scenario requiring more testing! Be careful of this vet clinic!!
Absolutely love this place!  The food is fresh, hot, and melt in your mouth.  The burgers are not too big....they are tender, juicy and flavorful.  I don't get the negative review about the brioche bun being the highlight of the burger. it is fresh and grilled and complements the burger perfectly.   The fries are never going to create a frenzy but they are always fresh cooked and hot and crisply!  I love this place.....you will miss a great burger if you don't try it!
Proximity to Target = win.

Otherwise this is your standard Wendy's.  Quick fast food service.  I always order off of the value menu.  Jr. Bacon cheeseburger, value fries, and depending on how hot it is outside a value Frosty or a value pop.  Oh!  They carry PEPSI products, not coke products here.  Blew my mind right out the window.
Perhaps not as many tasting options as some of the other tasting-machine places offer but WAY more selection overall. They had great prices, wonderful wines to choose from (they are organized well), and even a few chairs\/tables to sample their wares during an extended stay.

I would highly reccomend this as a first stop on a date night or a place to gather with girlfriends. They do close a little early 6pm on weekends though...

but it still is a really fun place to go for any wine lover!
Don't let the location or the look of the building fool you. When I tell you this is THE BEST PLACE FOR AUTHENTIC MEXICAN EATS! I cannot stop eating their taco gringos Omg so yummy and everything is cooked to order right in front of you. This is the only place that can compare to the Hispanic food in California! You have to try it! DEFINITELY DESERVES MORE THAN 5 stars!!!!
No one at the door to seat us. After waiting a few minutes, we seated ourselves. Waited too long for our waitress, and after our drink and dinner order, waited way too long for our food. Ordered a bowl of Chili, and got a cup. Waitress apologized and very nicely said, "Please keep the cup, I'll get you a bowl." Proper response. She came back in 2 minutes and said, "I'm sorry, my manager said I have to bring the cup back to bring the bowl." Excuse me? I told her that was very poor customer care, and you are just going to throw the cup out, correct? I reached up and took the cup from her hand and said, "no, I think I will keep the cup. You can tell your manager she is welcome to come and have a conversation with me." 
The waitress was polite, the General Manager Tim Hauser came and had a charming conversation with us prior to this incident. But, the manager, Sharon, who apparently recently transferred from the Montford Brazwell's, seemed to display very poor leadership skills (not supporting her employees in their decisions in customer service), poor customer service response, (she should have come to the table and responded to the issue personally), and did nothing as a courtesy because of the incident. Brazwell's, patronage is precious these days. There are a lot of other restaurants competing for your business. Poor leadership can sink the whole ship. Perhaps Sharon is out of her league. Reconsider. Won't be back.
Makena was so helpful. It was my first time and she walk me throught the whole process. Deff make my experience more comfort. Thanks Makena. I'll be back
I've never stayed here before and when Yelp Spring Break had these rooms at the special rates, I thought I would give The Platinum a try. I am a fan of non-gaming hotels for a variety of reasons such as non-smoking , easy check -in, and family friendly. The platinum has all of these qualities with a smile. 

As I checked in, the nice hostess upgraded me to the Princess Suite up in the 17th floor. I had the choice of staying on the 5th floor with 2 beds but I took the king with the additional 200 sq feet. Yes, it was huge! Full size kitchen, bathroom, living room. It's like having 2 regular size hotel rooms in one. 

I'm also a fan of using the free hotel gym. However, the morning I went, it was closed. I double checked the time (which was 5am) when they open and still noticed it was closed. I asked front desk and he told me I could go as a guest for free at the Westin across the street. By the way, the gym there was ok. The usual treadmills, exercycles, some free weights for a light workout. As I checked out, when I asked again, the guy in charge told me they had a water leak problem. Bummer, I was really looking forward to working out here. One thing though, they said the fitness room had been downsized for accommodate another meeting room. So it's not as big as some of the reviewers had mentioned from awhile back. 

Couple of other minor problems that came about during my stay was the jetted tub does not work and the ice maker is really loud during the night. It makes a "swooshing" sound. 

Besides that, I highly recommend using the pool, its just big enough to relax in, and the indoor version is just small enough for little kids. The valet guys here are pretty fast and the wait wasn't longer than 3 minutes. The elevators were easy and large enough to fit 10 people. As for the free wi-fi, I'm not sure which holds true. If you try to open a browser, during my stay, it stated it was free. However, if you read the card inside the hotel room, wi-fi is not free here. I can't remember but 0-2 hours is one price and after 2 hours I think it was full price. Since I had network on my phone, I didn't use it. 

If you go southbound on Flamingo, you have to flip a bitch on Koval. The Platinum is 2 minutes away walking from Ellis Island. So if you are hungry, and just wanted a quick bite to eat, you can visit Ellis Island for their rib place (not child friendly), the pizza joint, and the sandwich place. 

During my stay, they had a small wedding on the 17th floor. I have to say, you can't hear a thing being on the same floor. 

All in all a great hotel, would definitely like to visit here again. Not sure if I can ever get an upgrade the Yelp deal again. But if I do, I would be back for sure.
Good food, nice place, extremely small!  The food was terrific and home-made & just-made, but with enough of a twist in recipes and presentation that you it's worth it.  The coffee is relish, too. Heading to use the restroom will take you through the kitchen and that was immaculately clean.
I had breast augmentation surgery with Dr Hankins and I'm very impressed. Not only do I love how my new boobs turned out but I also really liked Dr Hankins and his entire staff. Pre surgery Dr Hankins explained all my options and listened patiently to all my questions, relieving any concerns. The entire office staff was friendly, caring, patient, and attentive. After surgery Bambi was amazing! She went above and beyond in making me feel comfortable. She was very available & responded quickly answering all my post op questions, even at the most random times & hours. She made me feel like she truly cared about my recovery and she also made me feel very comfortable. I literally have not one negative thing to say about Dr Hankins or his office staff. I would highly recommend him!
This was quite a cool activity to do. We'd heard about this graveyard from a few friends so we thought we would check it out. 

We walked down Las Vegas Blvd for a bit before we jumped into a cab. It cost us $25 from the Circus hotel to the graveyard. 

The graveyard itself is impressive. There are lots of signs to look at and the guide tells you the history of many of the big signs as well as the oldest, biggest etc 

Entry is $18 per person and many ppl tipped the guide also. The cab back to Harrahs cost another $35. Not a cheap day but it was cool to do.
I was there for a birthday kick off, meaning "meet, drink, eat and leave".
Glorified gourmet hot pocket..?? NO way beyond that! Good stick to your ribs food. Every combination of meats, cheeses, veggies and sauces you can think of, Mexican style to Thanksgiving!!
I will be going back to try another Pasty!
I've been to the other Paramount Fine Foods on Yonge Street.  But today I decided to try the Liberty Village one.  I used the remainder of my Ritual credit here.  Which was great because through the Ritual app, I was able to preorder my food for pick up and got to use a Ritual Exclusive Perk which gave me a discount on a food item that was regularly more in price.   You can do the same and if you use my code "Jenny1354", you'll get $10 to try this app.  

Anyways the restaurant was quite nice and clean (and new).  It wasn't busy.  So the 2 staff members greeted me and were super friendly. Even went to check on the status of my food to rush it through.  The had some high tables\/stools where you can sit and wait at.  They offered free tea while waiting.  Service wise, it was fantastic.  I couldn't have asked for better.  

Food wise, a bit disappointed.  The take out dishes we got were both platters.  It felt that the portion was not well done.  I had 6 huge falafels on my platter (check out my pics) but perhaps a tablespoon of lettuce, one slice of tomato and a few pickled items.  I'd would had rather only have 3 falafel's (they were tasty and well made) and more lettuce\/tomatoes, or even some rice\/potato or even tabbouleh.  The pita was good.  I received 2 of the small containers of hummus dip\/sauce but no garlic sauce.  One of each would had been better.  I think a side of spicy sauce would had been nice to add.   

They did include sufficient napkins and fork\/knife with my pick up order which was nice.  It was in a nice take out container with a bottom plate that was paper so then compostable\/recyclable.
Who doesn't love Four Peaks?  This is a great place that's good for happy hour drinks and appetizers or just dinner.  The food is delicious every time and the beer is always cold and yummy ! The parking can sometimes be a pain with the tiny gravel lot in the back so it tends to be easier if you just park on the street.  In my giant SUV I find it's easier to park on the street, personally.  Their spinach dip is to DIE for...literally....I'd die. The patio is decent, not phenomenal...the inside though is really laid back, cool, industrial feel to it.  Service is always great whether at the bar or table. I think at this point everyone in the Phoenix are have been here....if you haven't - now ya know !
I had an appointment last night with the realtor from the Peters Township Regional Office. I waited 15 minutes for her to arrive and then my partner tried to call her. There was no answer, so we called the office (6pm), also no answer. So, we waited 5 more minutes. Then my partner recalled that when he called to make the appointment, she was rude to him on the phone, saying something like she didn't want to show the house to us unless we showed her our preapproval papers, insinuating that it was because we are a younger couple (early 30's). We declined, because preapproval papers say the maximum amount we are able borrow, and can hinder negotiations. 

Hearing this, I decided to call her from my cell phone, since she wouldn't recognize the number. She answered immediately, and said that she was just listening to my partners voice mail. Then she said, 1. she never confirmed the appointment (but she emailed him back and restated what time and day we were meeting). 2. That she was in Upper St Clair and couldn't make it to the appointment (google maps says that Upper St Clair is 14 minutes from the property). 3. She wanted to reschedule.

At this point I was pretty upset because I had driven 1 hour and 15 minutes to get to the house. So, I asked her to please make time to keep the appointment. She refused. I asked her to find someone else to show the house, and she said she would call me back.

10 minutes later and I had still heard nothing. While I was googling the house earlier I noted that the house was for sale by owner in the previous months, so I decided to try the owner and see if he was nearby. He answered on my second attempt and apologized (although at this point Joanne had not) and offered to call his son to show the house to us. His son quickly called back and said he would be right over. 

At this point it was 15-20 minutes after I had talked to her and she said that she would call back after arranging for another realtor to come show the property. We had still heard nothing from her. When she finally called back she said that she accidentally had written the appointment down for tomorrow. We told her that we called the owner and his son was coming to show the house. The interesting thing about this is that the son had to rush upstairs to clean the house, and said that the realtor had not told him that the house was showing and that she usually gave him 2-3 days notice to clean up. My conclusion here is that she was lying about putting the appointment for a day later.

Overall, we had a terrible experience. The house was nice, but I hesitate to deal with someone like this realtor, who seems to discriminate based on age and lie to property buyers. My thoughts are that if she seemingly lied about making the appointment for the next day, then what else would she lie about?
I like this program, I wish they offered this in Los Angeles (although, I don't think it will ever work here). I like the concept; you can check out a bike and ride it around the city for free, for 30 minutes. You can technically ride a bike for a long period of time as long as you keep checking them in and out. I didn't bother to do so because I found it inconvenient. There are many locations to do so, but I opted to pay the fee. The bike I rode was in good condition and clean. It had gears and a basket to hold belongings. If you're riding in the dark, the bike comes with light. AND if you need a break, a lock is provided. I rode the bike around Lake Monona. 

I would recommend this to anyone who wants to take a ride around Madison. I would be hesitant to try this again because of the drop off, which is the one flaw I find with this program. I was ready to drop off my bike and rode up to one of their locations, but all the racks were full. This meant that I had to back track to another location to park my bike, which was a few blocks down (not ideal after riding for 2 hours around Lake Monona - 13 miles).
I love this Costco. Even when I go mid-day on a Saturday, it's still not crowded and your wait times at check-out are minimal. I've actually found that some of the slowest workers at this location are the employees that check your receipt before you leave the store! 
Also, just like any store, I've been disappointed when this Costco has stopped carrying a product that I originally bought and fell in love with at that store. 
However, I am always incredibly impressed by the cleanliness, the effeciency and helpfulness of the employees, and as always, the prices. 
Also, as this Costco has a gas pump, a pharmacy, and an optometry department, it really is a one-stop shop.
I heard the music from the sidewalk and wouldn't even walk in. What a basic and lame name. I did not see any reason to go in there. I would rather walk around and listen to Andre Nickatina.
Took my car there for oil change and transmission flush\/oli change. Left it there for 2 days and only thing they got done was engine oil change ( and they can't even use the oil YOU want, only what is "recommended"). 
This place use to be good when it was still Fletcher's, but it's going down now under Firestone management...
We came in with a group of 10 with no reservation on a Saturday night, and they were able to seat us.

We started with the lettuce wraps and the fried eggplant appetizer. The eggplant definitely stood out between the two.

I ordered the panang curry and it had great flavor, wasn't too spicy (I went with a 2 out of 10), I loved the little corn in it, and I had leftovers to take home. This is definitely a great place to share plates.
food was good I would give it 3.5 stars, but the waitress was rude, rude , rude. to the point of just ignoring my partner.
This place was awful.  We should have known better than to book here for the one night we needed to be near the airport, so it was our own fault.  But I honestly didn't know that even a mediocre chain like Hilton could be this seedy, depressing and just plain gross.
Came here earlier this month to pick up Indian sweets for Diwali. You can choose different box sizes and you pay by weight.
It has a good selection of sweets but not as much variety as Indian Punjabi Bazaar. Also they ran out of jelebi! What a disappointment. (You also can't see them making jelebi here.)
I really like the milk cakes which was soft and crumbly like ricotta cheese. The girl at the counter was very helpful.
My favorite Saturday and Sunday morning breakfast spot.

I always get the speculoos spread on one of their waffles with strawberries or bananas. The spread has the consistency of peanut butter but is made of biscoff cookies. 

Not a huge fan of the coffee here though. I'd skip it and grab yours a few doors down at commonplace coffee.
This is a super cute place!!! We got the Carib and the Fuji and it was delicious! They made it in front of us so it takes a little bit of time. Highly recommend this place. It's a little bit pricey..15 dollars for a seasonal sorbet and one of 5 other option.
They said it "wouldn't be long". Kept taking online check ins before us. 25 minutes later we just left. Got right in at a place down the road. I was annoyed that they wasted my time and didn't seem to care.
We were looking for somewhere that we could have a great sandwich and sit outside with our dog.  Yelp to the rescue and thanks for directing us to Bertha's!  I enjoyed the ham and havarti sandwich, a watermelon lemonade and a mini red velvet cupcake.  Great food, great service and a few nice tables outside under the misters.
Food is great!  Service is not!  

The staff appears to be more concerned about maintaining their hipster vibe instead of providing quality attention to their customers.  They were frequently sitting in booths with friends, chatting with each other at the host stand, and talking with the bartender instead of paying attention to their tables.  At one point, we saw our server sitting on the patio and took a drink from one of his friends cocktails - while we waited 10+ minutes for our second round of drinks.  The server gave attitude when someone in our party asked him to describe a dish prior to ordering.  Sad to know that the service ruined a good food experience.  I will think twice before I consider returning.
I really wanted to love the Hofbrauhaus as we just moved from Germany to Vegas and was craving a German experience.  We won't be back.   It was not authentic at all and nothing like the place in Munich.

I called first to be sure they had their great alcoholfrei biers as they do Munich since I'm pregnant. They said yes.  When I got there they acted confused and had one option in a bottle, not the usual hefeweizen, etc.  The waitress apologized for the not-so-smart hostesses that answered the phone.  That was super aggravating!  We ordered the jäger schnitzel and it wasn't schnitzel at all but a dried out pork chop that I been Americanized.  German food doesn't come with so many toppings or garnishes and the pork is pounded thin.  It was also cold...and pricey!  We had a reservation for 4, but two were running late.  They only gave us space at a table for two.

The keg tapping for Oktoberfest was also lackluster.  Maybe if you haven't been to Munich you'd find it mildly entertaining. If you have, keep those memories and skip the vegas location.
A tasty and eclectic sandwich\/salad\/soup shop that's opened recently, Karma Kafe is a welcome respite from Subway; I mean, there's only a few more times you can order a sub from the 'Way before you're just plain sick of it all.

A pretty unique setup here at the Karma Kafe. You start by picking up a brown paper bag, and you write your name and your order on the bag. Plenty of specialty sandwiches to choose from - I opted for the curry chicken sandwich on a croissant, which was very tasty - but for the less adventurous, the option to build your own sandwich is also available.

I especially liked how the manager took a moment and introduced himself and answered any questions I or anyone else would have about the shop. That's always a nice touch in my book, a good way to build goodwill and word of mouth, something businesses thrive for. So, yes, I'll give the KK my business on a weekly basis.

Thankfully, between the food trucks and Karma Kafe, the eating choices at Gateway Village have been easier to swallow...ah, puns!
I was in Vegas on vacation & my Prius got broken into at a casino last night.  I called these guys to get a price and surprisingly they answered on a Sunday.  Very professional and friendly.  They were not able to get the job done today but set me up for Monday morning.  The lady gave me a great price & lifetime warranty.  They also said if my window broke again for any reason within the next year they would give me a new one FREE!!!  What??  I would recommend these guys to everyone!
Decent pizza but not nearly enough sauce. Delivery was on time, but they tack on a $2 delivery fee - which was 15% of our order. I doubt the whole fee goes to the driver. Would have rather given the fee directly to a tip to the delivery guy.

Taste is good, the cheese is the right amount of greasy\/salty without being overdone and what sauce was on there was a little sweeter as they claim and tasty. It's a doughy\/chewy style pizza which I personally like and was pretty on point with the other local pizza places around Old Brooklyn. 

Would give 4-stars if they'd drop the delivery fee and let us give it to the person actually delivering. If I ordered again I'd ask for extra sauce.
Having never had Ethiopian (or Eritrean, or Djiboutan) before, this review is completely uninformed. That said, the food here was tasty but not relevatory, the prices decent but not cheap, and the decor cute but not adorable. We went here on a Dealradar special and it was entirely satisfactory.
Food was fine but service felr terrible . Didn't felt welcoming at all.  And honestly felt really dead in there.  Too quite for my taste
We just did take out! This sushi is RIGHT ON. We ordered the scallop nigiri, crazy roll, penguin roll, and scallop roll. 
The penguin roll was by far my favorite. 
After we ordered, we sat at the small table at the entrance to wait. The hostess came by with waters for us. 
The order did not take more than 10 minutes to complete, and we were out the door with an order that was very reasonably priced. 

Sufficiently happy belly right now :)
I always receive the best customer service when I visit this tanning salon! The salon itself is clean, the staff is very informative and friendly and the prices are extremely reasonable! I definitely recommend! The bulbs are always strong and I get instant color!! Thanks Sunchain!
great clothes...knowledgeable people..great prices especially during sales....only reason they don't get a 5 star is they pounce on you as soon as you walk in the door
****THIS IS WHERE EBA CAFE RESIDES NOW**********

That is the only reason to come here!

BOBA TEA (esp TARO) is still here waiting for you to gulp it on down!

The actual restaurant is....well...um....

EBA IS HERE!
Alright place to order flowers. This morning I placed an order and within 2 hours the order was delivered to the recipient. Super fast delivery. My problem is the arrangement. It doesn't quite like what the website shows. My total bill was almost $70 (floral arrangement plus a balloon). I was hoping for a small (by choice) but full floral arrangement just like what's shown on their website. I was very impressed with the speed but not too sure about the quality. I guess majority of the "cost" went to the gas? But the recipient lives very close to the location of the business tho....
So this shop is the 3rd place I went to to try to get an allignment done on my 1970 firebird with aftermarket QA1complete tube suspension and front coilovers. The 2 other shops I've tried couldn't do it because it was aftermarket equipment. Tommy the store manager was awesome helped me to understand and made me feel comfortable that they are going to try their best to get the allignment done in addition Tommy knew about older cars so helped out a lot. The suspension was really really off. So anyways I asked them to please raise the ride height. That was not a problem. JJ the mechanic guy took 4 hours to get the allignment done which was fine with me i just wanted to get it right as much as possible. The price was good. The ride quality of the car is now what it should be. Iam extremely happy of what they did. I will be back there for additional work for sure.
Decent, but not great. My crepe was a little overcooked and the cider was not great. They have a very reasonable lunchtime deal.
If I could give 0 stars, I would. Had an estimate done in February 2016 for replacement of the rubber roof on my mobile home. Here we are 6 months later and the job still isn't done to our satisfaction. First off they basically force you into the "deal" they offer at the time of the estimate or else you pay nearly double. Then, communication between reps\/offices is completely lacking. Let's not even mention the empty promises and insincere apologies. Several times I was told the crew would be out the next day and they wouldn't show, and no call to let me know they couldn't make it.

Suffice it to say once the job was completed, my boyfriend and I had several concerns about the appearance of the roof (looked like there were several places susceptible to leaks) that were repeatedly waved off with more promises that it would not leak, rather than them just fixing the problems.

I'm still fighting with the company to get the job done right and after all the hassle I feel like 8 grand is way too expensive for a rubber band-aid that looks like crap.
What a wonderful experience from the time we talked to the front lady to our food and waiter Tony We did use a Groupon but I will tell you the price was even wonderful without that. The steak was fun to cook and the taste was so yummy and melted  in my mouth. The lunch also included a salad bar that had wonderful selection and a pick of one side. We topped lunch of with a brownie and though we had a little trouble walking out it was so worth the pain.. will definitely be back!
First time here... I was referred by a friend for work on my car (a small dent on my quarter panel) on my 15' R8 V10 and was told by others that it would have to go to a body shop for the repair to consist of paint, etc... However, Steve here @ Dent Guys LV said he could get it 95%++... well he kept his word and got it almost perfect, so I am grateful!! I highly recommend these guys to all!!
If you are looking for one of the best hair stylist in Las Vegas?..ask for 
Yvonne Santos...the brazilian girl...she treat you like family..she is very professional...if you want a haircut,highlights,or maybe a new makeover..? well you found the right person.... I would never change her..is hard to find someone you can trust your hair.....ask for Yvonne and when you go your appointment mention this Special CODE..  D.A.I.S.Y  to get a special discount : ) spread the word..remember       EUPHORIA @ Boca Park Rampart and Charleston. or call at 702)466-0591
4*?!?...have this place changed dratiscally or people just cant distinguish good from bad food?? Most definitely the worse brunch place that I've been in a long time. 

Took their signature dish pain perdu...oh god was it nasty! First, I don't understand why the chef put rosemary in this dish...it gave a weird taste to the pain perdu. Second, the dish was covered in chocolate sauce and powdered sugar...overly sweet.

Also had a meringue bénédictine.  The hollandaise sauce was cold and looked like it had been just heated in the microwave. 

Tried their fresh squeezed mango and strawberry juice and it was horrible as well...$5 for a small juice. It was so bad that I only took a few sips.

3 people and our bill came to $70...overpriced for the quality of food we had. Will never come back.

Heard the table behind us say that it's the best brunch place they have been to?!?...
You can't beat the customer service this store provides! Every time I shop here there is an associate always on hand to help me locate what I need. Everyone is so friendly and helpful.
Filipino style, period. It's the Filipino version of the standard American diner. Small cafeteria type buffet with good basic authentic dishes. Pork and Chicken Adobo, Menudo, Pancit etc.

Divey  little place that welcomes you home each time you visit. Never been there for their evening services but with the full bar and Kareoke machine I'm sure it gets hopping.  

They have great Halo Halo and the prices are reasonable.  I'll stop in every time I visit Phoenix.  

You can watch the Filipino dramas from the many TV's on the wall. I'm sure they convert to Kareoke monitors later on.
My wife and I tried this place on a weekday afternoon, right before lunch hour. We heard about their great burger and beer selection and were eager to give this a go. 
As per the other comments, Hopdoddy is a walk up and order restaurant and then you wait your food while at your self-selected table. 
They offer an amazing selection of fancy burgers all with apparent local farm supplied ties and it is impressive what they can do with a burger per their menu
The self service soda machine was also unique with a selection of home made root beer and blueberry (!) soda.
Now the beer selection was disappointing in that not a wide selection was on tap. I incorrectly assumed with "Hop" in the title the beer selection would be awe inspiring yet it was just meh. Some local faves (Four Peaks, San Tan) were offered yet nothing to write home about.
All in all, was very enjoyable time yet it seemed steep to spend almost $40 for the two of us for two burgers and two drinks (no booze even).  
Based on the other reviews and how busy this place was during our visit, it appears to have mass appeal yet I don't see a return trip unless under the influence of a Groupon (or someone else picks up the tab).
When I criticized Morimoto Napa for being like a "Vegas restaurant," I now realize I was astral-projecting into the future and referring to this one.  Chef Nobu has a signature, Peruvian-influenced style, and it seems to be coupling proper technique and great ingredients with a bunch of overpowering and discordant flavors.

Uni tempura is amazingly good, although the price ($16 for one piece) and the questionable accompaniments (the obligatory deep-fried shiso leaf) put it far down the value-for-money ladder.

The tataki plates of Kobe-"style" beef are great and totally worth the price.  They're an especially great maneuver for large parties, since the steak is so thinly sliced it's easily shared.

King crab tempura is nicely made but there's way too much acid from the ponzu.

The same goes for the lobster salad; it's far too acidic, the flavor of the lobster was lost.  But the pasta aspect was nice; great texture.

The black cod with miso is probably a reverse of the chef's intentions:  it's really miso with black cod.  Miso is a tricky ingredient; in this dish it's just completely overpowering; it seems like approach is to simply rub the miso on directly.  That's a risky tactic and it doesn't really pay off; it was hard to get through more than a few bites.  And I *love* miso.

Maki in its various forms are served with -- incredibly -- a side of ponzu sauce.  That's a first for me.  I'm not sure I get the logic behind it.  The special house rolls e.g. with jalapeño are tasty enough, but generally the additional flavors don't complement the fish very well.

The sushi itself is perfectly made.  The knife work and rice preparation and rolling are impeccable.

Nobu is a bit flashy and it's to be expected from a restaurant chain that's co-owned by a celebrity chef and an actual movie star.  It's also to be expected from Las Vegas.  

I'd certainly recommend Nobu for the more traditional fare:  it's essentially authentic and very well-made.  I don't think I'd recommend much beyond that.  Japanese cuisine, being one of the greatest in the world, doesn't need fixing or innovation.  Nor does it need an additional side of ponzu sauce.
We stumbled on Caplansky's looking for breakfast. Coming from NYC, I was glad to see signs of a good deli-style restaurant. We enjoyed lox, potato pancakes and smoked meat hash. Good service and good food makes this a great choice for breakfast.
Great service. Arrived as scheduled and did a good job repairing our dishwasher. I would use again.
25% off locals, military and police NOT on weekends.  $50+ for seafood buffet IMHO was not worth it.  Both buffets are together but u get a stamp on your hand if you paid extra for the seafood.  Buffet is large and lots of other food to choose from but for a much lesser price u can eat much better quality food at the Wynn or Bellagio.  Won't be back for this buffet for a loooong time.
You can play Galaga or Pacman on a stand up arcade unit and if you get a high enough score you can get free ice cream. The staff was cool as shit and the cookie monster ice cream - Oreo macaroon combo was perfect. Can't believe I never heard of this place before. Hidden gem.
Pretty well-hidden place, with no large sign or anything... but with 59 reviews and counting, I guess it was really just me.

Came here on a Saturday with my wife for the brunch. Interesting brunch menu, as it seems more 'lunchy' (I'm trademarking that word). I had the risotto and my wife had the duck carbonera (not really 'brunch' food by any sense of the word.

Both were very well cooked. Good texture on the risotto, and the carbonera was very flavourful. They also gave us some cranberry biscottis as a starter, which I think were baked in house, and were pretty good. Got a watermelon ice while waiting to pay at the cash register. Tastes great, and the portion is decent for two bucks. Nice refreshing treat on a hot day, and a good switch from the froyo places that are all over nowadays.

Service was fast. The place itself is has a very simple design, but it's pretty effective. If it were possible (and it probably isn't) a larger patio area would be nice. Some other reviews were mentioning that they employ people from the community center, which seems like a very nice gesture as well.

All in all, strong buy, and am looking forward to trying their dinner menu.
Finally had a chance to come here for brunch. Wow, it's so busy!! But they clearly know what the fan faves are because we received our food in less than 5 minutes of ordering. We ate leisurely and even chatted a bit after our meal and were still in and out of there in about 50 minutes. 

Had the french toast + fried chicken, and hubby had the eggs benny. As much as I love fried food (and I really, really do) I wouldn't order the french toast\/fried chicken again. As most other reviewers note, since the french toast is deep fried, it's more like a donut and no longer tastes like french toast. So if you're looking for the slightly egg-tasting, lightly crispy French toast-- you won't get that here. And while the fried chicken was good -- it's just fried chicken and not really exceptionally good. There are other places that make better fried chicken nearby (mon ami, dawa for example) that I wouldn't be coming here just for that.

Eggs benny was delicious. Very garlic-ky, and I loved the combo of feta cheese + spicy sauce. If we come back here for brunch, I would get the eggs benny next time.
This place is deeelish! A little crowded inside, but the patio is perfect ambiance. The food is great, and even though they try hard, the service could be improved. Overall, a great place!
this is a great little venue near town centre. like many small venues in edinburgh it comes alive during the festival though has a good range of mainly theatr and small scale music shows (i saw antonio forcionne here years ago) there is a bar, a courtyard and a couple of smaller venues as well as the biggish room with a bar. this place is cool and trendy and is frequented by cool and trendy student types. great venue. becasue the events are not always big, the prices too are affordable
I wanted a simple line drawing of the Luxor Paris & the Vegas sign I was quoted $800 u gotta be kidding me I have large tattoos I got in NY & I've never paid over $200 I get people in Vegas back out & typically come in with no ink and don't know any better but c'mon. 

I guess I'm getting my Vegas tattoo back home.
My friend and I finally got to meet up for dinner yesterday and we ended up at Osteria for some delicious food.  

We saw the menu LAST week, and there were about 4-5 different times of gnocchi - including one that had eggplant.  "WE MUST GO," my friend said.

I'm supposing they change their menu quite often -- because when we went, they didn't have the eggplant gnocchi anymore (sad face for my friend). 

Anyhow, I ended up order the gnocchi with the shrimp, and my friend ordered the orecchiette with the eggplant.  We had the antipasti to go with it - and it was pretty good; I thoroughly enjoyed the croquette.  My gnocchi was absolutely delicious -- I love gnocchi and it was absolutely well done.

I ordered dessert: a flourless dark chocolate hazelnut cake.  It was okay - I liked the dessert selection better at both Terroni and La Bettola better.

Service was mediocre.  I don't know if the waitress was having an off-day or if she's always like this.  She was being a bit b*tchy, which I didn't really appreciate.  Otherwise, I had a good time there, but I would prefer the sister restaurants more.   (However, if you're craving good gnocchi, this is a definite recommend).
This place is great. Stumbled upon this place by accident 3 weeks ago and havent stopped coming back. Mandy j-nette carlos and jeremy make it a great place and very hospitable. Thank you.. #illgetyourmichiganbottleopener lol
I had my car towed to the shop because of a power steering issue in the early afternoon. I was told they would call me that evening to let me know the issue. I never received a call that night. 
I called back the next morning and they said they would look at it then. I got a call around ten tell me what the problem was and that they would call me to let me know when it would be done.
 I called at 3:00pm to find out what the status was. They said it would be done around 5:30 or 6:00. I called at 6:45 and they said it was done. I told them I would have to walk 2 miles to get there because I had a ride at 6:00 but didn't now. They told to get there as fast as I could because they close at 7. 
I ran down there as fast as I could and no one seemed concerned about that. Then I said I am here to pick up my car and they said ok it's $780 go ahead and swipe your card. I then asked if they could go over the charges with me and he said yeah but didn't break it down at all. I just paid the over priced charges to get out of there. I'm not coming back.
High ticket prices, seats don't recline, tiny theater and dirty bathrooms. 

That sums this place up. If it hadn't been for a time crunch and a convenient show time i doubt I would have come here and after this won't be coming back. Charging $10 a ticket for a screen the same size as I have seen in houses with crapier surround sound to boot.
What a wonderful studio ! There is so many beatuful paintings I just can't choose. Its perfect for date night, girls night and I can't wait to bring the kids for a little brushes event. I will definitely be recommending this place to all my friends.
This is a new location off of University and Mill Ave.  it has a spectacular outdoor seating area and cool indoor area with Sun Devil Pitchforks etched on the windows. The location is perfect. The establishment is clean and well maintained. The food is always fresh and delicious. This Chick-fil-a is on point like so many others. I love me some Chick-fil-a!
What a fun way to spend an evening!   This place has a great new space in the heart of Lawrenceville (you can't miss the giant neon monkey in the window).  

Here's the scoop...
- BYOB and paint a picture.   That's pretty much the concept.   Your picture looks better as you drink more (at least mine did).   I also recommend bringing some munchies.  We had some yummy pretzels from Twirly Girl that really hit the spot.  
- The cost includes all of the materials - canvas, paint, etc.  I highly recommend wearing the apron they provide.   The instruction is provided by a husband and wife team - they did a really good job.  
- I have done the paint and wine thing before and it appears that these businesses fall into two categories - the kind that walk you through every step and stroke, and the kind that get you started and let you go.   This one is the latter.  Your canvas comes pre-drawn with a faint outline of what you are supposed to be working on.  You then pick your colors and go from there.  They will come around and give you tips, but they don't narrate each step of the painting process.  I personally am not creative or artistically talented enough for this method, so my end result was a big hot mess.  It was still really fun though. 

All in all, a great way to send an evening or afternoon (mimosas anyone?).
Best burgers on the planet. Staff is amazingly helpful and friendly.
Was referred by my dentist for a root canal. The dental tech was borderline rude, and careless. She just sort of threw the x-ray shield on top of me and then tried to yank the x-ray plate out of my mouth, saying "that's the widest you can open?" Then someone tried to screw something onto my tooth and got my lip instead, not sure if it was the dentist or the tech. Finally as we were all finished the tech made to half-a**ed effort to vacuum my mouth and simply just stuck the vacuum onto my bottom lip and then yanked it off. The root canal was painless, but incomplete as the tooth was cracked. On the way out I was told that I may be liable for the $275 visit because the root canal was incomplete and my insurance may not pay. Two stars because the office was clean and the visit was fast, but Alltogether not too pleased and would never recommend this office.
I've been shopping at Whole Foods religiously for the past month. No more processed foods or foods with all that added crap that kills us. It's so convenient to be able to grab something healthy for dinner. Yes, it's expensive, but the good stuff always is! I love the variety of fresh made soups and all the choices and the salad bar. Fresh fruits, best organic meats and veggies too! I'm really enjoying the Korean Chicken and Veggie Rice they have been serving up lately too! Whole Foods has definitely given me life!!
This place wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be.  Ok, I've been having an obsession over red velvet, ever since I ate the red velvet cupcake from Sprinkles.  Now I'm in a constant search for something similar to it, so far no luck.  

Nothing Bundt cake has an incredible selection of goods.  I love the smell I encounter once I walk in, it smells like goody heaven! I also do love how they have samples of their cakes, nothing beats trying free things! FREE, is the secret word for me! I've never really had a good bundt cake, but I'd say that this place is very legit.  The consistency of the cake is very good, and so is the texture.  I love their red velvet one, the cream isn't too sweet and the cake doesn't crumble at your touch.  It's equally right.  

I would like to try the other flavors they have, I think I read something vanilla? OoOoo, I'm liking the sound of that already!
The Good:  Great, friendly service with a smile and laid back atmosphere.

The Bad:  The crust was not all that I thought it would be. Instead of being dense and buttery, it was really light and fluffy. Not what I was expecting from a deep dish crust. Normally eating 1 or 2 slices of Chicago deep dish is enough to make you throw in the towel but I ate 4 slices and ehh, not so much stuffed. The sauce was awesome however.

The Ugly:  Spinach on pizza was undercooked and slimy. Probably just a fluke this time but still off-putting. If you are looking to listen to loud tv's and drink, go to Native New Yorker. Several people found this out the hard way that they can't turn the volume up louder after ordering 5 pitchers of beer, only to give it away for free to people sitting behind them so they could leave for Native.
We came here with a group of family for a birthday dinner. We arrived at 6:30 and didn't receive our steaks until 9:15. The appetizers were mediocre at best and the salads and soup were downright awful. This restaurant is saved by decent steak even if a "computer malfunction" delayed everything by three hours. The ambiance is uninteresting and the noise level is unbelievable. The restaurant was half empty and we couldn't talk to each other. If you really REALLY want a steak I guess you could come here but you could do better. Try Eddie V's.
Well, my husband likes this place because they have a good authentic mexican breakfast plate he orders. Forgot what its called. The main cook is Mexican and he is also the owner apparently.  He seems to really care about the food going out and  is a nice guy. But I dont feel that he has a grasp on how to fully run a restaurant. The waitstaff hostess and bus people seem unorganized and slow. The cooks helpers seem young and unknowledgable.
We were here on a Sat late morning and as we walked in a male customer was at the register upset about his meal. Talking very loudly to the cook\/owner about not liking his food, the long wait and the price. The cook\/owner didnt seem to know how to respond to the man or how to deflect the situation.  The upset customer was going on for about 10 min. Other customera were disturbed from the commotion.  The owner should have gave him a free meal voucher for next time and sent him on his way. But instead we had to hear this man yelling for 10 min. 
Service that day was horrible. We kept having to ask the waitress for coffee,  creamer, water, etc. 
I really dont like this place. Just too unorganized and the menu isnt that great. The staff is unorganized. The food is ok. The prices are high for a what you get.
Maybe its better during the week. But on the weekend its pure chaos.
Classic greasy delicious pizza. :) Just what the doctor ordered. Nothing to write home about; nothing to complain about.
It looks like my review was removed so I'll write it again.

My experience is based on going here for breakfast sitting both outside and inside. I tried it 4 times so I'm not basing this off of one bad experience. I'm a huge breakfast fan and love omelets so I was happy to see that this place opened back up and even happier when I saw they had a good selection of unique omelets.

The food had great concepts but it wasn't executed well. 3 out of the 4 times I went there for breakfast and ordered omelets the onions were under cooked. I love onions but these were raw onions, not good for something that should be cooked. I also found that the potatoes were unnecessarily greasy. The plate was covered with grease and you could squeeze them to get more grease coming out. It just seems like the cooking was not given attention. Cook the vegetables a little more, don't drown the potatoes in grease, and it would have been good.

The food was the bright spot at Sixth City Diner. The service, with the exception of one time, was absolutely awful and it wasn't just me. Everyone who sat around me was also complaining each time I went. It was as if they were overwhelmed even though it didn't seem they should be. Lack of filling up water, coffee refills basically non-existent, waiting 45 minutes after we finishing eating to get our bill. This was a common thread each time I came there. 

Also, I noticed that the servers rarely ever served the food to tables so instead of bringing your food out to you and knowing where it's going, they had one of the kitchen staff take it out and auction it off to all the tables. Did you have the eggs benedict? No, I had the omelet. Did you have the eggs and bacon? No, I had the omelet. It got a little annoying.

I live near this place and would love to have it do well but I've given up on it. I can't find another good breakfast place within walking distance but I refuse to go back here.
I decided to use my complimentary Luxor food voucher here. I was along so bar seating was perfect for me. There was not much people around during dinner time. Everything on the menu sounded delicious. I decided to go for the crab mango cucumber salad with a side of Hong Kong noodles. The cucumber salad was delicious and very unique. I think it would had tasted better with fresh crab rather than imitation crab. By the time I finished that bowl I was already full. When the hongkong noodles came out, I just picked at it and ate the delicious meat. It was enough food for 2-3 people.

The waiter\/waitress was very kind and friendly. It was nice to have their company as I ate alone.
Found this today while cruising down 7th on my way to Roosevelt Row for some belated Christmas shopping. Very cute interior. I got the Torta, which was huge and extremely tasty with moist, seasoned asada, guac, veggies, and jalapenos on a soft buttery bread. Mmm!
I really enjoyed this place. The theme was great and they played it the entire night. They had live music and some guy came around showed us a few magic tricks. The food was great! We got the meatballs for our appetizer and it was so full of flavor. But it is expensive!! We had a table of 4 and our bill was $200. They don't let you split the check and if you share a plate, it's $8 charge.
The food is great, beer selection is out of this world. The service is TERRIBLE. Such a shame.
I ended up at this place for lunch with my parents one day because my mom had some kind of restaurant.com certificate to use before it expired, so she decided to try this place out. 

When you walk inside, it doesn't feel like your at a Chinese restaurant, it looks like you're at some kind of biker bar. The decor and the food definitely clash! The way the restaurant is setup is very awkward. We sat in a booth in front of the bar, and I think it was the only booth on that side of the restaurant. It was strange because it wasn't even against a wall, and it was facing a door.. I felt like they just had a booth and needed to put it somewhere. 

As far as the service. It was very average. Our waiter came to our table the normal amount of times. Refilled our drinks a few times and brought our food.. Nothing special..

However, if this review were solely based on the food itself, I wouldn't give it any stars. First off, I ordered a whiskey sour since my dad was going to have a beer. When it came, it looked like a watered down ginger ale. And it tasted terrible! I don't know what they gave me, but it was gross! I told them that the drink tasted different from what I'm use to, so they brought me a margarita. It looked and taste the same as my previous drink, so I stuck to water after that. When the waiter came to take my order, I ordered the honey chicken, and it was basically sweet and sour chicken but with honey sauce instead of the sweet and sour sauce. But the sauce on the chicken was way to thick! It made my food pretty soggy fairly quickly that I didn't even finish my food.
I'm not an expert in Taiwanese cuisine by any means, but it comes pretty close to what I perceive as legit Taiwanese food (at least for their street-styled ones). I had the oyster pancake, sticky meat ball, and complementary sausages. 

1) Oyster pancake (蚵仔煎)- this was actually an omelet coated in potato starch. Embedded within were pieces of oysters, and underneath was a bed of A-choy (Taiwanese lettuce). As for the sauce, it was a thicker & sweeter version of ketchup; similar to the ones in HK cafes). It complemented the omelet well and made the dish sweet & savory. And b\/c of the starch, the omelet had a gooey chewiness to it.

2) Taiwanese style sticky meat ball (肉圓)- the "meat ball" was a savory mixture of pork, bamboo shoots, and shiitake mushrooms. It tasted similar to the fillings of vegetable & pork buns in Chinese bakeries. Enveloping it was a translucent dough that had a gelatinous texture. And on top was the same tomato-based sauce. 

3) Taiwanese sausage (香腸)- these were grilled & served on top of garlic slices. They were rather sweet & salty, and matched well w\/ the spicy & pungent taste of garlic. The spices made it fragrant as well, and the skin had a slight crispiness. This would be a good side dish to have w\/ rice or alcohol.

Overall, it's a pretty solid spot and the service was superb. They had great manners and I felt welcomed as a customer.
Lakeside pool was Awesome! They were courteous, professional and informative every step of the way. I would highly recommend them to anyone. Our pool (12'x 35') was completed in just 30 days, myself and my family are extremely happy with our pool.  Much kudos to their team; Eric, Katrina, Junior, and Victor. 

William Frausto
Horrible customer service. Been on hold for 30 minutes trying to reach someone.....
Michael is an amazing chef! He recently did the catering for our Halloween party and the food was amazing! Everyone loved it. Very fresh and great quality. Michael is very professional and such a kind person. I highly recommend him!
Giving this place two stars is a stretch, but the front service people have always been friendly, so there you go. 

Now about my experience with Hickory Hills:

I was a loyal customer for three years for one of my dogs. Although I never felt like the service was great there, the prices were good and they seemed to care about the dogs, so I kept coming back. 

I don't know if something changed, but over time my dog started coming back sore and covered in blood. He started acting terrified whenever I would pull up front, and it was clear he was having bad experiences there. I asked the owner about this, and she said that nothing was going on and that he played well with other dogs. 

Well two months ago, my healthy four year old dog came back barely able to walk. It took weeks before he recovered, and he still hasn't seemed himself. I can't help but wonder what goes on there, but it seems like something fishy is going on. 

To make matters worse, I boarded him at a different kennel last weekend. The owner immediately called me after I dropped him off and explained that he was acting traumatized and terrified of the kennel. He said it was very obvious he was not suited for kennels. 

Unfortunately, he also told me that some kennels are known for taking dogs that don't do well and lying to the owners to keep the business. When I mentioned Hickory Hills, he laughed and said they were the worst kennel in Madison. He also told me a story about how the owner or manager killed several dogs by leaving insect poison out in the play area.

I feel so lucky my dog wasn't more hurt at this horrible kennel, and I hope nobody else has to lose a beloved pet to this sub-par facility. This is a harsh review but these things matter.
Great milkshakes. Bartender didn't know how to make certain shots though, but was an excellent place to hang out and have a great time!
Horrible service. I always check the restaurants ratings before I go in and try out their food, specially a for brunch since theirs only a few places I know, but this one by far it was the worst place Ive ever been to. I had the Bahamas Mama sandwich and the chicken was under cooked or something because I end up in the ER for food poisoning.
I contacted United VIP for a quote on airport transportation service for our Thanksgiving trip  next week. Their quoted price was much higher than other quotes received. Their response was so unprofessional I was glad I had avoided using them as a transport service.

Jason Burke was the driver who had responded.
A happy taste of Chicago in my mouth!  As far as I'm concerned it's the best Italian Beef sandwich in AZ.  I always get it dipped with hot peppers and I'm a happy girl.  Their combo with beef and sausage is also great.  They serve Chicago hot dogs the way I remember back home.  Even their cheese sauce for the fries tastes like cheese and not the regular canned toxic cheese.

Yes, the place is loud, yes the place gets crowded.  But I don't care - it's a happy reminder of home for me.

Can't wait until they open their Tempe Marketplace location closer to where I live!
Everything in this place is fresh. Went to the attached market and picked out our fish and just crushed it.

Quick service, fresh fish and great atmosphere. I'll be coming here again FO SHO
We have been to all of the recent iterations of this bar - World of Beer, Wasted Grain and now The Funky Monk.  We stopped in this afternoon for a drink and to watch the NBA Playoff game.  The bartender welcomed us in and checked on us periodically, the bar was quieter than all of the other area bars, but maybe because it is such a new concept (or maybe more of a club at night), and they have a pretty extensive drink list.  I settled on a cherry lime mule and loved it - well mixed, refreshing and so tasty!
If Alex (female) is working the drive thru,  don't even bother, go inside.  I've now been sitting here 10 minutes behind the same car at the window. This is my regular location i visit and normally it's great, but apparently she can't multi-task or something because she is always extremely slow and asks the same questions over and over. Total time behind one car until my transaction complete: 20 minutes.
I like this restaurant; it is a good place to go for breakfast on a lazy day, or on any day for that matter. The staff are pleasant, and they must have some people in the back who are able to cook well.
My husband and I have been here about 3 times and each time is pleasant. We always take an Executive Suite in Avoriaz. We absolutely love it. In general, the Hotel is pricey, but worth it. It can accommodate weddings and other special events. Check-out time is 12:00pm, rather than the standard 11:00am... a nice bonus.  What's more, if you'd like to enjoy the room a little longer, call the reception and ask if you can stay an extra hour. They will probably tell you okay. (It might help if you tell them you're running late or not feeling well, etc.)

My hub and I are bilingual so we do not have any issue with language, but I will admit that the staff do tend to lean more towards their NATIVE language, le Francais, but honestly - it is not only the Manior that is like this - almost all of St. Sauveur is like this. 

We always purchase a deal that includes the buffet breakfast in the Hotel's very own Resto "L'Ambiance". Without the "Forfait" the buffet is $25.00 per person, but again it is WORTH IT. The buffet breakfast is totally awesome. We have also been there for dinner and the dinner's are very high quality too, but I don't find quite as worth the money as the breakfast. The dinners are Fine French Cuisine so the portions are super small. 

During our second visit, there was a problem with the hot water faucet in the Jacuzzi tub. Within 30 minutes a maintenance man was at our door ready to fix it. He fixed it pretty quick and we had no other problems after that.

Definitely Return-Worthy! And we will go back! :-) 

(We miss it a lot when we're not there, hahaha).
Given the steep nightly resort fee ($18), it's difficult to like this property even if you can get a moderately good mid week room rate. Just spent four nights there. King room was good sized. No couch though. No in-room coffee service either. Bathroom showed signs of wear. Sink stopper didn't work. Shower door railings hadn't been cleaned in years. Wallpaper coming unglued. The hotel was busy. Housekeeping was sloppy and slow. Same for bellmen. Unless you are a small child, the bath towels are way too small. The Tender Steakhouse was a pleasant surprise...not terribly overpriced. Very diverse menu. Service was good, but keep in mind the room is slow paced. Allow at least 2.5 hours for dinner. Valet was quite efficient -- never had to wait too long. Would I stay at the Luxor again? Probably not.
New favorite vegas\/Henderson restaurant! Cute decor+ super nice staff + crazy big portions + yummy food = perfection! Great coffee, too! Do yourself a favor and check it out (and go back often!)
God. Awful. We went for a Saturday brunch, the only two things our group of 7 enjoyed was the corn on the cob and pineapple. All the seafood looked, smelled, and tasted off. All the beef was well overdone, dry and rock hard. Their chicken tenders were dry and crumbly. All the desserts were too sweet. Silverware was dirty, cups were dirty, as were the plates. Nothing was organized properly, oatmeal was next to drawn butter, half the dishes had no by them.

I had been to bacchanal and thought it was okay but not worth the money, but coming here made me appreciate that buffet infinitely more. Don't waste your time and money. Worse than hometown buffet if that's even possible.

Update: Got sick from the sketchy crab legs, definitely do NOT go here!
It was fun I'll go back again this is my third time watching this wedding but they truly need to get that gay guy out of the show because in real life Italians will NOT invited gay guy on their wedding they need to work on the menu a little bit more but in general we hade a lot of fun thanks to the chef My sister does not eat any kind of meat so they prepared special dish without a meat cheese or sauce we truly appreciate the management doing that for us
This is my mom and dad's favorite Chinese restaurant. The mixed fried rice is great, the chicken (any recipe really) is awesome and I absolutely love the soup.

The only problem I have for this place is that the servers can be a little pushy sometimes. Not every time, but the second to last time I went there, the dude was slightly rude...and there was like 5 other partys, with like 5 other servers...CALM DOWN.
recently did business here again for the third time in 5 years  , ( not counting service which was also excellent and great value for the money )  excellent customer service and value for the money .!   Don,t buy or pay for repair of a used appliance without contacting them first , ( unless you want to spend more of your hard earned money than you need to ) excellent customer service !
It's been a little over a year since the last time I ate here....

This time we left the kid with a sitter and came with a couple of grown ups (technically).  We had just come from some LVMMA fights at the Hilton and were kind of tipsy... I mean, hungry.

The general consensus: We should have just ordered apps.... not entrees.

Once again we went with the calamari and fried mac and cheese as well as lobster spring rolls that were on their special 40th or 50th anniversary menu (like I said... we were too .... hungry.... to remember the details).  The spring rolls were more like massive egg rolls, but tasty nonetheless. I ordered the amazing beet salad again and was stuffed before entrees came out.

As for the entrees, we ordered 2 Chart House platters, free range chicken and the shrimp scampi. The platters were huge and greasy (lobster tail, coconut shrimp, more calamari, french fries.... all deep fried and chewy).  The chicken was small but I guess it was good enough for my lover (who's watching his weight haha) and the scampi "tasted like Pasta Roni".

Our server was a nice enough guy but  I probably won't be coming back here for dinner for at least another year... we'll stick to the 99cent foot longs and fried oreos from Mermaids across the street.

Happy Eating!
I brought my two mixed Terriers in for grooming. The staff was very helpful and spent alot of time talking to me and asking questions about specifics of the grooming cut I wanted.  When I arrived back to pick up my doggies, they smelled wonderful and looked spectacular! I will definitely return again for their grooming.
One star for the falafel. Terrible service. We were the only ones in the restaurant and the waiter was so rude. Chatted on his phone. Served us cold bread and insisted that's how they serve it. Had to ask for water. No thank you or bye when we left. Small portions high prices. No thanks. Will never go back again
They came quickly, we're very helpful, and solved my problem immediately. Highly recommend them!
Es uno de mis lugares favoritos ,cuando quiero tacos roles ,no puedo ir a otro lugar ,aqui hacen unos tacos roles delisiosos y no se hable de los demas platillos
Reasons why you SHOULD live here:

It's 1902 and cars have yet to be invented

You are under the age of 15, and legally you can't drive a vehicle.

You have a great mom that picks you up and drops you off at your house everyday.

You have no friends so never need parking spaces for friends and\/or family.

This is Europe and you walk everywhere and have no need for a car.

You are a hippie and prefer to ride your long board everywhere.

You ride in a horse and carriage, so don't need to find parking. 

You are a pro athlete training for a marathon so got rid of your car all together, and feel it necessary to run everywhere.

REASONS TO NOT LIVE HERE:

You are a normal human being with a vehicle and  want to park it at your complex.


Worst parking at any complex-beware. Also their "solution" is to charge for the only few places available.
OK so I am a fan of the gay bars. Shocked? Didn't think so. I also like karaoke. Shocked now? I leave nothing to surprise. I love this bar.

The patrons tend to choose awful songs for karaoke but somehow it works out as charming here. Everyone is super gracious and friendly; very welcoming to new singers. 

The patio is terrific. Roomy, friendly and plenty of seating for the smokers and always someone to light up your smoke. 

The drinks are reasonable and well poured and the bartenders are good people. 

Just your friendly neighborhood dive bar...with a rainbow flag.
I've been going to this shop for years and like it. Good old fashioned barber shop with no frills or fancy stuff, just good haircuts.
My boyfriend and I went for a date night and wanted to try Burgr. We didn't wait very long for a table, as it was around 10pm and there was no line. The hostess showed us to a two top, too small table, so I opted for the booth that was being resetted by a busser. I don't like to play musical chairs but, I asked very nicely. She said that we could take that booth. The server came over to our table and greeted us with their drink menu. We both ordered a drink. We shared two apps--the chicken wings and hummus. Shared one Farm burger and some truffle fries and the butterscotch milkshake. The food was good! No complaints about the food. 

My review is more towards the service. First of all, why aren't the runners have their hair pulled back? I also noticed that there were about 5-6 tables that needed to be bussed and cleaned, but instead all of the bussers were just chilling there at the micros computer station. I also noticed that there was a server dude that was chewing gum. How tacky! Also saw another server who was eating as well on the floor. Another employee was sitting on the booth, trying to "fix" his shoes or something. Our server was nice, however her hair needs to be well kept. She was also on her cell phone. 

These employees need more training. Seems like they don't give a shit on where they're working. The manager looked like he doesn't give a shit either.
It's just not fair. Vegas stores are so much better than LA stores in the following aspects:

Parking- quick and easy rather than crazy, angry, and jam packed
Crowd- calm and collected, not frantic and rude 
Floor- clean and well-stocked, not a hot mess with only super small and super large sizes
Service- no line... during holiday shopping. Seriously. 

Also, many thanks for the great service yesterday. My sister had a brain fart and left a bag of items at the register, but didn't realize it until 4 hours later. When she explained her total fail to guest services, she was asked to describe the contents of the bag (tampons, can opener, and razors, just FYI). After listing the items she was immediately presented with her goods.
Crazy delicious hamburgin' to be had at this restaurant.

Hmm, what can I tell you that the twenty jillion previous dudes haven't? I'll make an attempt at some useful insight.

I order the angus burger medium and it's cooked melt in your mouth perfectly, with the proper thickness and pink throughout. You can get it with other crazy meats, but honestly it's not as good as the regular style with the angus beef. I just prefer to let the hamburger do what it do. The Kobe and costlier alternatives are nice if you want something different, but I highly recommend the OG variant.

The sweet potato and regular fries are simply real good, and not unnecessarily fancified. It's also an excellent place to drink delicious beer, as they have many micros like Dogfish Head 60 minute and 90 minute at a decent price. I believe the cost is every bit worth it for what you get here, at the Mandalay Bay no less. There are a lot worse things you can spend your money on in Vegas, trust me.
Went there about 3 years ago and it was awesome! Back this weekend and it was Dennys on an smaller location and with higher prices. Service was bad. Empty glasses and dishes were never picked. Zero attention to detail and food quality and taste were not what we remembered from our first visit.
Conveniently located in a touristic area this store offers a large variety of food and drinks (alcohol including). 

I shop here every time I stay in Montreal to get some sparkling water, snacks and food (when I don't feel like eating out).
Great service! Fast and easy! Stop by the Chandler location in alma school rd and you'll be surprised at how convenient and efficiently they run their business.
We received poor service during our visit. The appetizers came out cold. Once the food was ready the manager brought it to the table. We had salad, bread and app plates all over the table. The manager sat the food down as we pushed the plates to the said. As fast as she arrived she was gone. She did not clear plates for us, did not offer to refill our empty drinks and did not offer us cheese for our pasta. Never asked us if we needed anything. Our server was also the bartender. She was too busy cleaning the bar to care about us. She had no one in the bar area and was not making any drinks but would not come over to check on us. Overall very poor service and not great food.
*3.5 stars*

While Arriba isn't terrible, it certainly isn't the best either. 

I will say that one thing they do quite well is spice! Anything on the menu that is coded with 2-3 hatch chiles should rock your world. 

I think Wednesday or Thursday is 2 for 1 fajita day. They're never stingy with the chicken, steak and vegetables. We still like to order extra hatch chile on the side. 

Arriba's Fajita Quesadilla is also good, and large enough to share. A nice blend of cheeses, marinated chicken, fajitas vegetables, and a generous amount of those hatch chiles. That thing has had me close to tears a few times with a particularly strong batch o' hatch! 

I mostly like coming here for DRINKS when I find myself on this side of town! Especially those ginormous margaritas. Guaranteed to be a good night!  

The Blue Moon one is my favorite (nothing to do with the beer of the same name)!  You won't find it on a drink menu, but if you ask for it, your server should know what it is. Get it on the rocks. 

The beers micro brewed on site are a bust. Skip them and get something bottled or their other tap options. I ordered the Amber one once; way too much artificial lime flavor. And a waste of $5. 

Service is pretty spotty; however, never have experienced anything so awful that would send me running away and screaming.
We come here often and always order the take out chicken and potatoes. The chicken is ok and the potatoes are super. Prices for this dish are good. In general the deli is one of the best in a city where there are few good delis. They even have a decent montreal smoked meat onc rye.  But in general prices here are pretty high, but i am only recimmending the chicken and especially the potatoes. The potatoes are unique.
I was very pleased with the service, i didn't catch the cashiers name but my receipt says "Noah" and i just wanna say he was excellent. Greeted us as we walked in, was patient when i changed something last minute and smiled the entire was through. I just recently moved to AZ and this was one of my first meals since my big move and i was very happy. Plus the pizza was delicious, thank you noah!
Went for lunch buffet on Satiurday.Nice authentic food and wide choices. Missed  one star due to bit high priice.
Will definetly recommend
I was super impressed with their service. Vincent was attentive and quick. For someone like me who hates putting things together I will surely be calling them again.
Not on the menu $9.99 prime rib special served after 5pm. It comes with garlic mashed  potatoes, kai-lan (Chinese Broccoli), carrots, au-jus and horseradish.

The cut is huge and it is very tender and flavorful. This will be the best $9.99 that you'll ever spent on dinner.

The service is a grab a menu and seat yourself and they also have counter service too. The service is fast, friendly and efficient. 

This was the second time eating here and their awesome desserts now cost $5 but it's worth it. The carrot cake is a must. Too bad I was stuffed and passed on dessert.
Another mediocre chain and pricey. 4$ for a large oj. Food took forever and came out after everyone who came after us. Benedict poached egg was broken, sausage overcooked. Funny taste from whatever they use for frying. Not again biscuits.
The good:  Fry's offers a lot of one day sales on items and digital download offers etc.

The bad:  These offers oftentimes do not ring up at the offered price not giving you the discounted sale price.  This should have some type of consequence or penalty to the store when this happens.  You are basically going to get ripped off and or taken advantage of which is not right.

This particular location is absolutely horrible.  I arrived at this location around 10:30am on a Saturday and parked my vehicle.  As I got out I witnessed one individual wrapping elastic around his elbow area while holding a hypodermic needle in his mouth and the other individual with him holding a lighter under a spoon!  They were right by the bench area near the entrance to the store.  Judging by some of the other reviews of this location this evidently is a common thing here.  I will go no further in discussing the consequences of this type of thing going on where you buy your groceries.  I am sure you get the point.
Bomb food! And entertainment while you eat with the chef cooking in front of us. This was my first experience with this type of dining. Def will be making this a "to go" place for the family.
Love all you can eat, nice looking place.  Lots of meats to choose from. Probably will come back in the future when visiting Vegas
This venue looks like it woul be a great spot for a casul event during the fall winter or spring in AZ and it is all loutdoors or covered patio. 

Firepits, stages, saloons and activties are pepperd around this location. It is a bit far from the city, but this will give you a chace to have a drink and look at some stars.
i visited this place not to long ago and before i even stepped foot in to this location i told them what i was looking for and they said okay. when i arrive and filled out paperwork. 

then called to the back and waited about 10 minutes to see the vet, who had no decency to even talk to me about the matter that i called and confirmed with them! 

i would never recommend them to a filthy pig or rat and the staff is not really nice at all; undertone of rudeness is in the air here! 

find a nice holiest vet that care more about the wholeness of the life of an animal!e

and its really zero stars, just not available!
3.5 stars
I came for lunch with my sister and enjoyed a couple of udon combos.  Very good value for udon + a sushi roll. Sushi was not crazy packed with rice, which was nice =)
ba-dum tsh~ 

Service was wonderful, the server checked on us several times and made sure we always had tea. 

However, the place is definitely in need of a facelift, and maybe a larger variety of lunch specials.
Had to try the sandwich with fries and slaw that John Madden used to feature during Steelers home games. I had the Pitts-burger for authentic taste of Pittsburgh. It was good but meat is more like meatloaf or meatball patty. I would probably try it with different meat if I had it do again
7pm, Saturday night, with a friend.

Everything was delicious: the cocktails, the food!
Specially good: the mackerel torched. 
Others were tasty, but quite greasy.

Ambiance is very nice, crowd too.

5 stars service!

Will come back!
The food was good just like it is at Joes BBQ.  However we wanted to enjoy the outdoors so we went outside to eat only to be attacked by flies. We brought it to the bus boys attention yet nothing was done nor did mgmt come see us.  There are no fans or other means to keep flies away.  Not only is it annoying but it is also very unsanitary.
I placed my order on Yelp before I left work and my food was ready to go when I arrived. Everything we ordered was delicious and the portions were more than enough. The prices are WAY more reasonable than anything in my neighborhood too. I'll definitely be coming back to Aishiteru.
I thought Wings Over Madison was pretty decent. The wings are a good size, as advertised. There's much more meat on it than at other places that I've been to.

We ordered 25 wings, and we were allowed to get 5 different flavors. We got Hot Garlic, Sweet Chili, Garlic Parmesan, Mustang Ranch, and Texas Mesquite. I loved the Garlic Parmesan and the Sweet Chili. I wasn't a fan of the Hot Garlic - it tasted just like buffalo sauce. I didn't get much of the garlic flavor in there. The dry rubs are really good here.

It was a Saturday before all the college football games, and my order for pick up was ready in 15 minutes. I was surprised! It's a little hard getting here from downtown, given how busy University Ave can be, but that's just a minor hurdle for some good wings.
The best part about this place is the staff. The foods good too though. As a vegan it's hard to find places that cater to me and meat eaters. I got the vegan breakfast plate and it was perfect. After, the staff chatted with us and gave great recommendations on what to do while we were here.
Oh, Wicked Spoon. You are worth the hour plus wait my friends and I waited while we were still recovering from a night of debauchery and no sleep.

Located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan, I FINALLY got to try this particular buffet on my most recent Vegas trip. Last summer when I attempted to eat here, my girls and I found out that they close til 5 to set up for dinner and seeing that we were starving and in no mood to wait, we headed to the Bellagio buffet instead. Well, this time around, we were determined to wait. We got there at 4:10 and there was already a line forming and true to their words, the staff did not let us start paying for our dinner until 5. Even after paying, we still had to wait about another 15 minutes to be seated.

At about $38 a person, I expected the dinner to be AMAZING and omggggggg, the food was incredible. They had an array of dishes - different kinds of foods for whatever mood you're in. The thing I loved most was the mini individual portioned sized foods they had. Perfect so you won't over indulge. My friends and I were pretty gluttonous and tried a bit of everything. No shame. It was our last night in Vegas and we didn't have to dress up for any pool parties or clubs. Forever fat. The desserts looked sooo good. They had this huge display of gelato ice cream with different flavors. The mint chocolate chip was freaking bomb.com - so rich and creamy. I was pretty stuffed from dinner, so the only other dessert I tried was the apple strudel thingy they had. Tasted like apple pie. Delicious. 

Overall, the Wicked Spoon Buffet is amazing. The food definitely makes the wait worth it. The atmosphere and decor is pretty nice. I would definitely come back and end my Vegas trip here.
They're pretty good.  I recommend buying a sandwich and some pastries and taking them for a picnic across the street in allegheny cemetery.  Be aware that there is often a line and that they often run out of things.  However they also sell things at a reduced price before closing time.
Go here.  Seriously.  This is my new service place for my Honda Civic.  My Civic made noise in the front end and went to the Honda dealership who said  the noise came from broken metal plates and shocks.  The dealership's estimate was $909 for shocks, metal plates and alignment.  

After researching Yelp, I learned about Hon-Man and decided to compare rates against the Honda dealership.  The Hon-Man representative\/mechanic lifted my car and communicated that the noise came from a loose screw.  Apparently, the Honda dealership left a screw loose when they'd previously changed the bushings. My car doesn't make that noise anymore and Hon-Man charged me $0 versus the $909 that the Honda dealership wanted to charge me for a problem that they created by leaving a loose screw to make noise and lies about bad plates and shocks.  Thank you Hon-Man for your honesty and integrity.  It's earned my business.
Olga is truly the most INCREDIBLE eyebrow artist in the whole entire world! I have been to tons of places and I am extremely picky, but I will never go to anyone else ever again. Believe me when I say that visiting Olga has been life changing. Total game changer. She can turn any eyebrow into the most beautiful shape that you have ever seen. After your first visit, I promise you will be hooked! I always get compliments on my eyebrows and it is 100% all because of Olga's amazing talent. Not only is she wonderful at what she does, but she is also beyond caring and has a heart of gold. She truly is beautiful on the inside (and the outside)! I cannot recommend her enough. She is FABULOUS! :)
great food, atmosphere and great sever!
i recommend try their walnut cream pasta!!
If you would like "The best stir fry in Canada", stay the hell out of the Fire and Ice Stir Grill.  

We arrived and were seated without incident.  I was struck by the garish decor...dark colours with eerily illuminated volcano dominating the room.

That aside, we ordered.  We like to share.  We generally order a few dishes to share between the two if us.  We ordered the spring rolls, the pot stickers, and the filet Mignon stir fry.  Enter issue number one... we are informed that there is a $6.99 "sharing charge".  We asked to speak to a manager, and enquired as to why there is a sharing charge for an item that is not all you can eat, but rather is a set price.  She had not real answer.  My wife mentioned that in most Asian restaurants, sharing is no issue.  The manager aptly pointed out that this was no Asian restaurant (no shit Sherlocke!),  but rather "a Canadian restaurant, the best stir fry restaurant in Canada".  Needless to say we did not want to stay, but the manager offered to "make an exception for us, and waive the sharing charge".  It was bloody cold outside, so we stayed...

Enter the spring rolls.  Still frozen in the centre!!!  Sent back, and out came attempt # 2.  This time the other extreme, overcooked until they were blackened and had burst and burned in several areas.  Yum.

Enter the pot stickers.  If I have to tell you what a pot sticker is, then Fire&Ice may be the perfect restaurant for you.  They were not pot stickers, but rather deep fried wonton-ish things.  They were alright, but not pot stickers!!

The stir fry, the main event...

Throwing a bunch of Robot Coupe'd veggies onto a  dirty, oily flat top does not a stir fry make.  And chuck steak is not filet Mignon just because you say it is on the menu.  Enough said.

Please note:  The server we had was great, but the rude and arrogant manager and awful food will ensure that we go to one of the thousands of delicious and authentic Asian restaurants in the area.
Being an AZ native and traveling the world (especially the United States) consistently, when I return home, my first stop is at Charleston's for the grilled chicken and avocado club, a large side of honey mustard dressing, and the garlic mashed potatoes.  It is one of my favorite sandwiches on the planet.

I can not say enough good things about this restaurant.  They clearly hire well as all of their staff is clean cut, courteous, and congenial.  

The atmosphere is nice, the booths are comfortable, it always seems to be crowded but never a wait . . . 

I love this place.
Our first visit was great. The place was clean and nice looking and everything we ate and drank was really good. They have a really nice outdoor patio area we enjoyed. Our server was also very nice. I highly recommend trying it.
This is one of my go-to's. The food is amazing and it's reasonably priced. Try the shrimp tom yum, u won't regret it!
Absolutely delicious. Great portions. A bit expensive. Would recommend to EVERYONE

There are almost no words to describe how amazing the dirty bird's special, the ODB is. It's basically a boneless thigh, deep fried, laid on a freshly made waffle with butter maple syrup and their special dirty sauce. Literally, my mouth is watering just thinking about how amazing this place is. It's a bit expensive, $15 but definitely worth its price. You won't regret a single bite. It also comes with a side of your choice although I'll have to say the sides are a bit small in comparison to the main meal. 

The location has a small seating area. It's pay as you come so people come and eat and go so there's always a seat waiting for me. Not so sure about the bathrooms (if there are any). Definitely no wifi but who needs wifi when you've got great food ahead of you? 

Will always come back!
Hostile business.  I went into the Chandler store to simply inquire about a premiere lens asking two questions to Fabrizio Ruggiero, Vice President of Paris Optique USA.  Wow what a hot head.  My two big questions pertained to premier lens for his recommendation to a highly recommended brand of lens. He started to answer one question then looked down at my Rx and to the extreme became temperamental.  I was appalled and shocked at his subjective implications he made to me personally accusing me of trying to use his expertise and his knowledge for my own capital gain. I assured him that was not my intention and I was strictly there to invest in a premier lens if I could understand more about the type of lens he would use for my prescription.  If I'm going to invest over $1,200 for frames and lens you bet I want to know his credentials and the optical boutiques lab\/product they use. He became extremely defensive and blurted out  "if you don't like the way we do things here we don't want you to ever come back, that's how we do business here." I then told him I was recommended to him by a professional doctor (you can bet I will be reporting back to the doctor.)  Disgusting that I purchased several high-end brand sunglasses and frames in the past from this store but never had a prescription filled here; thank goodness.  I won't be patronizing this business with my money.  I can peddle my business down to Ilori where they treat their customers with respect.  I could never trust this establishment to be a reliable source to guarantee their product with the statement Mr. Ruggiero made to me.  Bad behavior, bad attitude, and bad business.  Good bye Paris Optique forever!
This place is good, the table side Caesar salad is amazing, the pouting is out of this world. Valet parking is convenient, went on a Thursday night and it was still packed so reservations recommended. Splurged and got the Kobe, out of this world amazing. I would definitely go back but not more than once a year since the price is very expensive.
Very, very tasty juices. I ordered one of the green juices with tons of kale and found it delicious. It's not cheap - $6 or so for a small is nothing to laugh at - but the ingredients appear to be high quality.

I had to knock it down one star because of price (though it's not insanely overpriced or anything) and because it took nearly 10 minutes to make my juice. There wasn't a line, so I'm not sure what the hold-up was.
*Review for Nightclub ONLY

Alright, I know that there are 1100+ reviews for this place, but why should you read mine..? Bundles and bundles of TIPS, that's why!!
First of all, I have been here twice-- once with a table to watch Kaskade and the second time without a table to watch Dirty South. 

Tips (especially for the guys):

1. If it is within your price range, get a table. Please. Get. A. Table. A table in the Boombox room\/Library\/outside will run you $1,000 minimum in alcohol and bottles, but don't forget to tack on the outrageous 38.1% all-inclusive tax (entertainment tax, gratuity, more tax, etc etc). Our table's base with tax ran us $1381, but it was for my birthday, so it was worth it. We had a table of 6 and everyone pitching around $250 is more than worth it. Remember that cover will run you $50-$80, tack on 5 drinks at $20 a piece, and you start nearing what you would pay with splitting a table!


2a. If you elect to splurge on a table, the Boombox room is a great time; however, your party's interests may differ. The Library was calm and much more reserved, whereas the Boombox room offered hip-hop\/top 40 and several more tables. The main room where the EDM DJ headlines will run you around $2500-$3000 minimum in bottles...absolutely ridiculous. Unless you win a nice chunk of change at the tables, this one is tough to swing. 

2b. For a table reservation, we went through a promoter by the name of Amber Anderson and she was fantastic with securing our reservation, contacting us, and answering all of our questions in the days leading up to our reservation. I am sure that if you contacted Cosmopolitan concierge, they could give you her number and information. She even automatically placed us on the guest list for the Dayclub the next day where Dirty South & friends happened to be headlining.

2c. If in the Boombox room, request Bahara as your table host. She is Kim Kardashian's twin, no joke. She offered fantastic service and deserved every bit of her gratuity. 


3. If you elect not to get a table, get there early. I know it sucks to cut short your pre-gaming time in the room or wherever you may be, but getting there early will ensure that you get in Marquee in a timely manner and with a potentially smaller cover fee (especially with big headliners such as the aforementioned). When I say "early," I'm talking no later than 9:40 or so. As always, a positive ratio of women to men (at least 2:1, we had 3:1) will help you, along with contacting a promoter or getting on the guest list. 


4. No matter how drunk and unruly you may feel, be extra nice to security and the bouncers. I've heard other stories about people getting tossed from here for simply disagreeing with security. 


5. BIG TIP: If you want to have ANY chance of being on the dance floor for when the headliner steps up in the booth around 1:00, you need to secure your spot on the floor no later than 11:30. Try to go to the bathroom beforehand as once you leave the dance floor, good luck even getting back into the main room (the bouncers won't have that). Security shuts off the dance floor and you could miss your favorite DJ, so get there before 11:30! 

6. Not a tip, but this place can put on a damn show! SENSORY OVERLOAD. Incredible laser\/light shows, LOVED the confetti drop (I'm easy to thrill, apparently), and the blasts of cold air alleviated the 174 degree heat on the dance floor. Don't forget the bubbles and EVENMORECONFETTI.

7. Following your EDM-coma, hit up Secret Pizza on the third floor. Perfect ending to a night of endless dancing and boozing.
Excellent philly cheese steaks and pizzas! I order the philly every time with a side of ranch. Their ranch is homemade and is the best in town. Very friendly staff. Definitely check it out.
8pm reservation...arrived early and got seated at 7:50. 

7:55 - waiters and what looks to be like a manager or owner have an argument by our table...waiter walks by and apologizes.

8:00 - no water no waiter

8:05 - no water no waiter 

8:06 - we walk out

Would have liked to try what looks to be delicious and creative dishes...hopefully they get their act together on the service!
Where to go in Toronto for a burger.  Yep, seems a challenge with the explosion of gourmet burger joints across the city.  Ok, so up front, my go-to joint (not really a joint) is Richmond Station.  The burger is awesome and the staff is equally great.  Last minute decision for dinner tonite and they were filled.  Decided to wander around and walked by Nota Bene.  Heard lots about them but never stopped.  Well, there were a few seats at the bar, so I was in.

Bartener was great.,  She knew the drinks & dishes in detail and happily answered my many questions.  Simple menu (refreshing, compared to the restaurants that have pages of options and food that is equally standard),  Danger is a short menu puts the pressure on the restaurant to excel at the options.  Well, the burger was great.  Burger was done rare with pickles, maple bacon and quebec cheese. was planning on passing on maple bacon but the bartender said they would not overpower the burger and add a great flavor. Glad I listened to her.  my next stool neighbor had scallops and fiddleheads and she said they were great.  

Only part I did not like was a custom cocktail (sounded good, but too sweet for me).  Tried it and passed.  The bartender did not skip a beat and took it back and offered other options.  Seems like common sense but have been to too many places where they remove the drink, leave it on the bill and expect a tip.  

I'm a bar guy.  When traveling by myself I don't enjoy at a table.  I like the bar and conversations you get into.  Tonite was no exception.  Met 2 great people. A fashion consultant from NYC via the UK that just published her first article in Bon International and a marketing expert from the neighborhood and a Tuesday nite regular....

Will be back......
above avg breakfast, but the decor and atmosphere of a law office.
We go to dennys probably once every couple months as a cheap after movie dinner with family. Never expect a 5 star experience, but a good solid cheap eats. This was worst experience I've had at one. Only gave it one star because the waitress was friendly, albeit inept. At a table of 2, both orders came wrong. Waitress smiled and said "I'm sorry" & started to walk away. I handed her my plate to fix and asked her again to bring my sons eggs the way he ordered (over easy instead of scrambled ). She never brought syrup or butter for the pancakes. Got our drinks and food at same time. She never checked back until I flagged her down for to go boxes and the check. No refills. Heard her apologizing to several other tables. They were about 1\/2 full. Arrived 11am so not peak time even.
Love it!  I guess I'm biased because it's within walking distance of my house? Hard to resist the prezel app and everthing on the menu is good. Drink specials on Thursday nights too! Us hospital workers love to call in our lunches and have it ready when we get there :)
Good quick service. Even with a long line the employees speed you right through. It's chipotle so the food is always good. Only downfall is the portions, But other then that never had a bad experience at this location.
While I can't say I've been to all of the buffets in Vegas, this is definitely my favorite so far.  There's just something about the quality of the food that makes it stand out and makes the price worth it to me.  No other buffet in Vegas that I've been to compares so far (I haven't tried the Wynn yet though).  Last week while here on vacation, I had the most delicious experience yet.  The salad section was amazing, the selection of hot foods is great, I specifically loved the Italian section that they had that night.  The carving stations were also really good.  I had the turkey and lamb and was not disappointed!  I also thoroughly enjoyed the dessert section.  Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Had to go because everyone said I did.  It was OK.  It's shtick is putting the fries and cole slaw on the sandwich.  That's a great idea if the underlying sandwich itself...meat, bread, some unique dressing, was itself awesome.  But the underlying sandwich was OK...nothing to get excited about.  So putting the cole slaw and fries on the sandwich just made eating it more messy.  If you are a tourist, you'll probably want to go because your supposed to.  But from what I've seen walking "the strip", there's got to be better food you can eat.  The price was good in any event.
This was a very nice restaurant with a great ambiance. The food delicious, the fried rice was the best fried rice I've ever had. The service was relatively quick and the staff was friendly. I will definitely be returning to this establishment.
THIS IS NOT A FANCY HIGH END RESTAURANT IT IS A DINER!! With that being said I gave it 5 stars because it is everything it advertises. no more no less. Greasy spoon hearty filling food with crappy 50's deco. LOVE IT! couldn't get any cheesier. All that matters is this. The place is spotless the waitstaff are career girls for the most part(actual wait staff who have handled food before) and the food is plentiful and tasty. If you want anything more go to Pig in a blanket anything less go to any food fight restaurant in Dane county.
Second time attempting World Buffet, it was pretty tasty first time around, was hoping that a subsequent visit would confirm that. They have quite a selection of different items, although I think adding macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes to the buffet line does not equate to calling it a place that serves cuisine from around the world. If you don't mind brushing the 'cheese' off various dishes, then you'll get your seafood fix. The price wasn't bad for the variety. It'll be quite sometime before we head back to World Buffet for the coconut shrimp.
favorite place to eat the food is so authentic, the carne asada burrito is really good its wrapped in a very fluffy hand made tortilla. Their pozole is my personal favorite so delicious it makes your taste buds go crazy first time i tried it i went home and told my family now its our go to place after church and have recommened all of my friends to go and they all have loved it!
Not a fan when you close for the day to prove nothing but only cause drama. This is a chain restaurant and shouldn't be trying to play politics. Higher min wage, Immigration....what next. Good news though raisin Canes is opening up next door.
If Sabor isn't your number one Taco Tuesday go-to, then you are missing out big time. Though it sometimes is a hassle to find a parking spot (it's Charlotte, after all!) circling around the parking lot a few times is always worth it, even if it takes an extra ten minutes or so. Ordering is easy...if you do indeed go on a Tuesday, there are plenty of specials plainly listed on a chalkboard by the registers and if you go on other days, the daily specials are always there and easy to spot. The large menu hangs overhead and is filled with a great variety of Latin street food with great vegetarian options! The tacos are delicious and packed with whatever savory protein or vegetables you prefer and service is extremely fast, even when they are busy. The wait gives you just enough time to fill your drink and get a couple of cups of your favorite salsa from their salsa bar near the back of the restaurant. Seating may be a challenge as the restaurant is usually packed with hungry folks wanting the best tacos in town, but service is usually quick enough that someone is just about ready to leave when you are ready to sit down. For some great offbeat choices try both varieties of nachos. One utilizes Yucca fries instead of tortilla chips for a great change in taste. If you haven't been, you need to turn your Taco Tuesdays into something special and make your everyday lunch and dinners into a savory treat by going to Sabor!
just walked in grabbed a milk tea and walked out. was just what i expected of it.
Tried to make a rsvp for 5 people.  They don't accept parties of 5.  Seriously!  Never in my life have I heard of a restaurant not accomodating 5 people.  I can only speculate why but I'm suspect greed has something to do with it.  I won't be go back.
Having food allergies is no fun!  When I find a spot the truly caters to my needs it gives me a sense of peace knowing I can eat without being ill for 3 days following the meal.  This spot has a lot of options and caters to many dietary needs.  The food is fresh and the employees were really friendly and helpful.  The food was a little pricey but that's what you pay for when you have organic choices.  The food didn't blow my mind, it wasn't the best food I've ever had but it was good and appetizing.  I really enjoyed the flavor infused waters.  The place has a neat design element as well.  I had the tacos and the were delicious.  I would return and suggest others give it a try as well.
Mmmmm this place won't last a year in rocky river. I wanted to come to a new experience and go regular chain pizza. Don't get me wrong the pizza was above avg but doesn't compare to the local pizza place (Angelo's and a few others) I rather drive the extra 5-10 minutes for a local family own chain. Plus I'm a little bitter because I picked  this place over Sweet Melissa. Haha that will never happen to me again. EEEVVEEER!!!!
And the prices are absolutely high!
And they serve head hunter in a 10oz glass.  Which not one place in Cleveland does. Not even fat heads themselves???
We are visiting Las Vegas and wanted to have lunch away from the busy strip, so we googled "best places to eat in Vegas" and this was part of the 25 hottest places to eat in Vegas and so we went....we  ordered the beef platter and...... it makes you not want to go to any other Korean BBQ place but this one....that says a lot considering that we live in Los Angeles and we are surrounded by Korean BBQ places in every city around LA....quality of the food and meat is excellent and the service and atmosphere is top notch and if you do decode to visit this place don't forget to try the mochi my wife says its the best she's ever tasted....this place also offers an authentic Korean restaurant feel ( the effect of sitting on a low table) and its not to far from the Las Vegas strip (about 10-15 mins away)..... Would highly recommend.
Must go! Love this place! Great food! Amazing atmosphere.

This place is hip, fun and a cool urban spot everyone must check out in MTL.
Food is great. A lot of their food is Cooked on a charcoal grill and has amazing, full flavors. Its tapas style so you can order a lot of smaller dishes and taste test a bunch of different things!
Its asian fusion so you would have to like those kind of flavors to enjoy the food to its fullest.

Great urban decor, and this place has an upbeat, party kind of vibe. Great for birthday groups, but maybe not so much for a first date. It is VERY loud, some people might find it bothersome. But if you are lame and don't like to have a good time when you go out, stay home and order in, this place won't be for you. Going in a group is best. Or as a couple if you are down to have a couple drinks and let loose. Service is a bit slow sometimes, it is always at full capacity with reservations and walk ins. I suggest Strongly to make a reservation.
They have a private party room that fits up to 30 people you can reserve if you are a huge group, there is a MASSIVE TV in their so you can watch the game if you wanted. (only tv in the restaurant is in the private room)

All in all, I give Imadake 5 stars because I believe it's a MUST check out spot that I would guarantee people enjoy. Foods good (3.5-4 stars), fair prices, fun atmosphere!

Cheers
Unfriendly store clerk; while my boyfriend and I shopped for our cigars, he watched us like a hawk, for whatever reason, pretending to stock\/clean, while stopping and staring at us every few moments lol. Very unwelcoming environment. We won't be returning.
Oh Flying Fig, how I wanted to love you, but I just couldn't. Let's start from the beginning. 

I typically don't review the decor of a restaurant on these Yelp reviews, but I just can't avoid this one. The chairs were ugly and uncomfortable, tables appeared to be made out of the same stuff has a high school cafeteria (just stained darker). The bathrooms had teenager writings and drawings carved into the stalls, the soap appears to be the 99 cent soap from a local WalMart, and the paper towels were that of a fast food chain. Not a great impression. 

We skipped the appetizers tonight in hopes of landing a great dessert. Needless to say, we never stayed long enough to even see the dessert menu. 

Drinks - I ordered the Old Fashioned. Thus is where menu problem one popped up. According to the menu I was to be charged $8 for a Jack Daniels Old Fashioned.....ummmmm excuses me? $8 for a Jack Old Fashioned? When the star of the cocktail is bourbon and you give Jack we are not off to a good start. My best upgrade available was Maker's Mark, which I still wasn't thrilled about. I also paid a couple of bucks extra to upgrade this from Jack to Makers. Definitely very disappointed. 

Entree - I order the Burger. I was super stoked to get this knowing it was purveyed from a local Ohio farmer. Grass fed Burgers are probably my favorite thing ever, besides a pork product. I ordered the burger medium and it came to the table as such. 

Problems with the Burger - it was scalding hot. The meat was not rested at all before making its way out to. About 10 minutes into my meal, my medium burger transformed into well done. The meat they used was no less than a 90-10% lean to fat ratio. In my opinion, this is much to lean for a 10 ounce burger. There needs to be some substance and juice to such a hunk of meat! The only sauce offered on the burger was a mustard aioli. This appeared to be nothing more than stone-ground mustard and mayo. Not impressive. They cheddar cheese was non-existent (I honestly could barely see it, and definitely could not taste it). The onion rings were pretty good, as well as the bacon. The house made sweet pickles were neither sweet nor pickles. It tasted like cucumber that had been pickled for less than a day or two. The fries were crispy. However, they came to the table cold and not seasoned. Very disappointed with these as well! 

The prices charge at this place are definitely not worth the quality of the food you get. My fiancée and I love going to farm to the table places and one of our favorite restaurants is one. This place gets high marks for investing into the farm to table mentality, however both or our dishes were very poorly executed.

We left Flying Fig early due to the loudness of the restaurant. We are both in our 20's and were getting incredibly annoying by the 40 and 50 somethings in the table behind out shouting and yelling throughout our dinner service. I feel that if I am paying between $25-$40 for an entrée alone, the management staff has the right to tell a table of annoying drunks to shut up. Again, very disappointed. At least a compensated drink or dessert was deserved. We were not the only couple annoying in the restaurant. 

Definitely will not be back to this one.
Was looking forward to trying Mandy's for fish and chips, especially seeing the greats reviews.  However I called to place an order an hour before closing time, but they informed me they had already closed the grill.  They did allow me to order from the fryer which I did.  10 minutes later they called to let me know they do not have enough fries to complete my order.  Shouldn't they have known that before they took my order?  I don't know if it's just a bunch of kids working at closing but it was very unprofessional and not good business practice to not know own inventory or close grill so early.  Unfortunately I was unable to review the food and they lost a customer.
I don't care if this place is pretty from the outside; the employees here are ugly on the inside! So rude when you come through the drive-thru, it's ridiculous. Clearly you're not paying them to smile. At least say, "hello" or "have a nice day" --- Geeeeez.
I dined here with two of my friends on a Friday night.   We had made reservations for 5:30 so that we could take advantage of the happy hour specials ($5 margaritas and $4 glasses of wine sounded VERY appealing to me).  We ordered the pan con chihuahua and yaki onigiri as starters.  Both were only $5 during happy hour.  I enjoyed both of the tapas, but my friend really disliked the yaki onigiri; I think that the smoked shrimp mousse has a different taste that people either really like or dislike.  I ordered the fish taco and veggie taco as my entree.  The fish taco was excellent, but the veggie taco was just okay.  The flavors were there, but I couldn't even chew the mushrooms because they were so over cooked (important to note: I just picked them off and still managed to enjoy the rest of the taco).  The service was excellent, and the decor was very energetic.  I would definitely go again, but I would highly recommend making reservations, especially in the cold months of the year when they do not have additional outdoor seating.  Space is pretty limited.
Went out to lunch for my birthday with my husband and decided to try stop in. The menu was easy to understand. We got a small 2 item pizza and garlic bread with cheese. The garlic bread wasn't like other pizza places garlic bread, it was actual French bread that was halved. I love cheese and it was smothered in cheese and very garlicky :). The pizza was the best pizza I've had aside from a pizza place back home. Can't wait to other things on their menu.
I walked into The Vig with relatively high expectations which had been built up by many Friends who had visited other branches. I was not necessary let down but just treated to an average night. I would not recommend this place if you want to have an nice conversation with someone, it is very hard to communicate hear unless your screaming. The food was ok the service was pretty good but the atmosphere lacked.
I love this place.  It felt like we were having a conversation with a friend rather than buying a car, which can be miserable and tiring.  Every single person we encountered was friendly and tried to make sure we got everything we asked for.  Elie, Lenny, and Jennifer were the ABSOLUTE BEST!  Coincidentally, we're loving our new Nissan!  ha!
United gates C51 and C53 are HORRIBLE!! Every inch of carpet is stained and many of the leather seats are ripped up. I don't know how the other gates are but this is really unacceptable.
This place has always been a good place to drop off items. They're fast, friendly, and reliable. Tonight I brought a package well after hours to drop off in the outside box. They were working with the doors open, a man and a lady named Theresa took my packages so that they could go out tonight. Those two were amazing and went above and beyond.
Darn you fresca!  Your service is always meh, but your marherita here is so good!

They are thin, sometimes I wish I could polish two slices but afterwards the garlic basil aftertaste gives me pizza regret.

Still, I love you!
cust: buys season pass.. 

Wheel mill: thanks, don't forget you can bring a friend(s) along anytime..

Cust: drives over an hour & shows up with his friends.. 

Wheel mill: Front desk then says where are their waivers?

Cust: I wasn't aware they needed one.. I was never told.. Can we drive back, have their parents sign and send  back in? 

Wheel mill: Nope! You have two options.. Either their parents have to come down here and sign a waiver or you have to take the forms to a notary, get waiver notorized then bring that in...

-don't get me wrong..rules are rules.. But make your rules known beforehand, especially when people live over an hour away.. If your guest policy has restrictions...don't go, oh BTW you can't ride and this is why.. 

Hopefully people will read this PSA and not get put in this same position due to a lack of important information from the company.. If your rules and regulations are THAT important to enforce, then be courteous enough to your PAYING CUSTOMERS and explain your guest regulations.. Not put the customer in a waste of time trip to be aware you RULES that should have already been known..

The indoor park is nice but hopefully no one else will have to figure this out on their own expense.
Last night my husband and I were hungry and looking for a new place to try. Yelp helpfully guided us to Gus's Diner. We were happy to find such a great place so close to home. We live on the west side of Madison and it can be hard to find places to eat that are not big chains. My husband went with chicken fried chicken and I tried their turkey club. By the end of the meal, we were both stuffed so we did not get an opportunity to try the dessert. 

We were sat very quickly and after a short wait, our waitress stopped by. All of the staff was friendly and our food came out quickly. My husband enjoyed his breakfast for dinner and my turkey club was pretty perfect. The portion sizes were generous. My turkey club had large slices of turkey meat, the lettuce was crisp and the bread lightly toasted. It came with crinkle cut fries and choice of soup or coleslaw. 

We both left with big smiles on our faces and we will be back! Next time we will pace ourselves so we can enjoy some of the yummy looking pie I saw in the case.
You will get in & out FAST! I just moved here and had to go twice to this urgent care and each time the staff were very friendly and I got in & out very quickly, so don't expect someone to chat with you forever about how crappy you feel. It feels abrupt but if it means a shorter wait time I'm okay with that.  Set your expectations accordingly.
Ok I'm going to really keep this one short and simple. If you haven't been here for anything you are definitely missing out and it shod be the next thing to cross off on your bucket list because everything here is simply amazing. 

This French bakery offers sweet and savory. The cafe side has food like sandwiches and salads and the bakery side has some of the best baked goods in Vegas. The Croquet Monsieur is insanely good with all the right component melty gooey cheese warm toasted buttery bread and good slices of ham...ummm makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The cakes are so soft and has the right amount of sweet to it you will fall in love. 

Anyhow that's my short and simple so now you just have to make it there and try it for yourself like today because it's that good. Also in honor of what is going on in France right now, please pray for France!
The clambake is awesome! Excellent choices along with the clams. Atmosphere is great and service was excellent. I will definitely be back to try more excellent food.
Superb attentive service and genuine Italian food. 

Our waiter and the support staff were fantastic and the food was delicious.
I've been coming here since I was a child and my most recent visit consisted of a root canal. Let me start by saying that at the front desk, Astela seems to be the only one who knows what she is doing. She's very personable and greets everyone with a smile. The majority of the rest of the reception staff seem to be grumpy and have the biggest scowls. Next: the financing for my root canal was simple and I was able to get it done the same day- thank god! Dr. Valladares is the best. His bed side manner is amazing. I hate going to the dentist with a passion but he made me feel very comfortable. The first dental assistant, Razz, is also very good. When I went back the second time to get the temporary crowns off and the permanents on, I can't say that my visit was amazing. Dr. V was great as usual, but the assistant he had that day didn't know what was going on. She told me that I could come back in three weeks to get the permanents on..I told her that's what she just put on. She apologized and double checked with the doctor to make sure that was correct. I'd feel much more comfortable knowing that the assistant could tell the difference between porcelain and acrylic.
I'm back in the office today because one of my permanent crowns has fallen off: I'm not happy about it. At all. But the office was very good about getting me in to get it fixed right away: hopefully this time we can keep it on there.
They have nice Groupon deals on memberships. And to renew with a Groupon you have to go in person, but they add the renewal to the end of your current membership expiration date so that's nice. 

Also, can add a second person to your membership so you don't have to accompany them to attend.
This is one of the best consignment stores around Phoenix! There are many  unique items including antiques, fine art, jewlery, home furnishings and furniture. Everything in this store is a little piece of eye candy! PLUS, they have items ranging from $3 and up! Something for everyone, I love this place.
I REALLY REALLY wanted to give this place more stars!!! If it was based on service alone, hands down 5\/5 stars. It's the food that brings it down. Service wise, they are probably one of the friendliest Asian places ever. They were polite and always checked up on us seeing if we wanted more fire, more broth, more water. They were amazing. They gave us a complimentary appetizer. It was the fried chicken, the same kinda fried chicken you would get at a boba place. Personally, at $6 I would've never ordered the chicken, it's just nothing special. Now their hot pots..... When you snap a pic of the food, it looks AMAZING. It's very colorful, it looks good. But there was almost no taste in the broth!!! It was verryyyyyyyy bland. I tried to play around with the sauces they had on the table, and I just created some other alien cuisine. It was such a disappointment. I really wanted to give this place more stars, but the food is just not up to par.
Such a great place! I've been there twice now and loved it both times. I had the braised short ribs for breakfast ( amazing!) and the quinoa\/kale salad with chicken for dinner (very good). They will be offering local beers soon too but, they have a nice selection of craft brews and cocktails now. Go check it out!
I've been to Savoy several times for different occasions. The food is good, but I haven't had anything this far that has blew my mind! I went on a Friday night with a friend for happy hour in the launch upstairs. The mix of people is great! Lots of professionals in nice business attire. The happy hour drinks were OK, a little too weak for my taste though. I migrated to my "go to" vodka cranberries by the end if the night. My friend had wings which he said were good. I had chicken quesadillas... There were cut up pieces of chicken along with some other kind of ground meat... They were good, but I wasn't sure if the ground meat was chicken, beef, pork, or what... The description was definitely "chicken quesadilla." 

I always end up at Savoy to see if anything will make me love it, but until then...
My doctor suggested I contact Larry after months of challenging physical rehabilitation for an auto injury -- I'm so glad she did! Larry immediately made me feel more comfortable with the issues I was dealing with, and helped me to connect with additional medical providers to manage my care.  Thankfully, as a result of coordinated efforts, my case was escalated, and I am now looking at full monetary recovery for the claim, and am moving toward full physical recovery from my injuries. Larry and his staff genuinely care about his clients, and fight to make sure your interests are put first.  If you want to be treated like you really matter, I highly recommend Parker & Lazzara.
This place is a little bit whole in the wall ! But it is delicious! The sauce choices are great and that you get two sauces with 6 chickens! With the option of fries, veggies, or Mac n cheese! I would come here again if it wasn't so far from me.
Manna is amazing always consistent food is so flavorful and juicy and excellent quality my husband & I eat here. 3 to 4 times a week the hummus is so creamy and delicious with homemade quality definitely a restaurant everyone should try you'll be in love and addicted from your first visit tell them Tommy sent you
Very underwhelmed. They obviously ran out of short rib and gave my wife some sort or slice of beef...my lucky rice was oily goop...but the music and wait staff were great..
When you are craving some good Filipino food in a slightly upscale setting definitely go here. I enjoyed Maxs while in the Philippines and this one is just as good in a very nice setting. You can't go wrong with the chicken adobo, garlic rice, fried chicken, pancit or lechon kawali. All are very tasty and served in perfect portions for sharing. The staff is very friendly and warm which isn't surprising since great hospitality is common with most Filipino businesses.
Fashion Nails & Spa is a great salon. They always have plenty of technicians on duty, who take pride in their work. They are friendly and take good care of their customers! Appointments and Walk-Ins are welcomed and you can get in and out quickly! Cory, David, Diana & Helen are all great, but so is everyone at this location! I just don't know them all! Tell them Rita sent you!
We moved to the area in January and a friend of mine recommended Red White and Brew. We expected that it must be excellent because there has been too long of a wait for us to try it. My wife and I went on a Sunday about an hour after they opened and we were able to get right in. However, there were people waiting when we left and even people eating on the patio on a 98 degree-day. 

The reason: Crème Brulee. My wife's favorite desert and she said this was the best she ever had. I had the fresh Icelandic cod with macadamia nut crust and jeweled rice with garlic spinach that was better than my grandmother used to make. My wife's burger was not well-done, as ordered, but she really enjoyed it. Lots of good dishes on the menu and we just stared at the excellent food that was coming from the kitchen to the other tables. 

The service was even better than the food. If you can get Rhonda as your waitress, do it. She will make you miss your mother, if your mother was an expert waitress. She had a bunch of tables, but I felt like she was just out of sight staring at us in case we needed something. My drink never became empty, her and her assistant Joey both couldn't believe we didn't want the complimentary bread - so they each asked twice. Checked on us often, prompt with the check and cashed it out before dessert was over. The hostesses open the door for you coming and going and are sweet as Crème Brulee. 

It is very clean inside. I like places where you can see into the kitchen. Then you know it is clean. 

Life's too short to wait - but I am definitely going back, often.
Simply amazing. We tried the Whole Grain salad - fresh and flavorful. Loved the lemon-chile vinaigrette. Chef Stephen even came by our table to answer questions about the dish.  Also the tables outside provide a very pleasant dining environment to enjoy Chef Stephen's yummy creations before you tour the Desert Botanical Garden.
This place is absolutely wonderful. It was relaxing and my gel manicure came out so cute. I plan on making a trip back very soon.
One of my favorite most affordable places to eat on the strip. The burgers have always been cooked perfect for me each time. They have duck bacon... If you've never had duck bacon- it is FANTASTIC! I get it on my burger every time. I also recommend ordering a burger the way the chef created... Don't add too many extras or take a bunch of things off specialty burgers. Relax and let the chefs do their job and fix up something magnificent. The drinks are great too- last time I went I had a jalapeño margarita- I like spicy and it was perfect!
I haven't actually gone into this Pita Pit location, so this review is for delivery. Their delivery fee was only $1, but now I think it is free, but either way, super cheap delivery. The first time I used delivery, the delivery guy went to the wrong apartment, but luckily, I saw him outside and was able to get my food and the second time, he came to the right place. The food is simple, but good and not a bad price for what you get. I usually get a soda and chips with whichever pita I decide on getting. I like the fact that I can pick what I want to put on my pita. Pita Pit is perfect for quick food.
My chef cousin recommended this place because i told him i'm craving for really crispy pork. 
And was actually going to Vegas for vacation so marked it as a must try. 

Located in China Town in the corner of this plaza. The place isn't big but sure was crowded.
My friends and I ordered crispy noodle, two plates of fried noodles and BBQ pork\/Crispy pork. I thought the combination pick two or three was on the pricier side compare to other similar restaurant.But everything else in combine is still pretty cheap especially when you're eating in Vegas.

Crispy pork def did not disappoint me. The skin was nicely roasted, crispy and flavorful. Meat isn't dry at all! Pair with the crispy pork sauce. It fulfilled my taste bud for the month. I regret not to pack some back home. 

We got vegetable noodle and seafood noodle. Both were good and not too oily. Thought the portion was not as big but still pretty fulfilling. 

Crispy pork was def one of the highlight of my Vegas trip!! I will come back next time to try more + crispy pork when I visit!!!
It was a pretty meh experience with high costs. Had to wait about 15 mins despite half the restaurant empty on a Tuesday night at 530pm. Food was okay, but definitely not worth the price. $80 for three of us. Would not go back again unfortunately.
We had an excellent overall experience getting fiberglass replacement windows from them. The estimate consult was markety, but professional. I don't think we could have asked for more in terms of installation, though. The crew was punctual, professional, and friendly. They replaced 13 windows in about a day and a half, and left our house as clean as it was before they started.

We have marble window sills. They broke one on the first day, and immediately told us about it. They brought a new matching sill the next day and installed it. It matches perfectly. Mistakes happen, and how a company handles them is often very telling. Kudos to Thermo Twin for handling this so well.

The windows are of much higher quality than what we had before (older aluminum). We'll see how they hold up and affect our energy usage over time, but for now, we're very happy with our new windows and with Thermo Twin.
These guys are awesome! Formerly AutoTech and now Meineke. Same staff as before and same great service.   Over the past year I have taken 3 of my vehicles to them for check engine light issues and all three times the issue was fixed, car was road tested and then smogged all in the same visit. Good price, No upselling, no BS. Tim is great to work with and keeps you posted every step of the way. I wish more repair shops did business like this.
Kawa Sushi is officially my go-to sushi bar. Not only because I live nearby, but because the quality and presentation is unmatched. Ever been to Vancouver? That good. On my latest visit, I had the seaweed salad, miso soup, beef dumplings, salmon sashimi, green dragon roll, and spicy salmon roll. Everything was perfect, especially the sashimi. Next-level fresh. I left the restaurant with an apparent baby bump.
I've always loved this place for the simple fact that they are open late. After going in for a pedicure and manicure this evening, I have another reason to love Elaines. Grace, my nail tech was fast AND thorough. I will definitely be coming back to see her. 

$35 for mani\/pedi, service with a smile.....and no pushy up-selling either.
I've been here twice. The prices are great and the chicken is great as well. I've tried the burger, which was okay. I can't say the same for the chicken philly steak sandwich (although some would argue that I deserved to be disappointed for ordering a chicken philly steak over a beef. Sorry - I like chicken). 

Although I wouldn't go out of my way for this place, it is a good place to get some halal fried chicken! 

Also, the service is amazing - both times I was served with a pleasant smile, even though it was pretty busy.
I have been to RA a couple of times at different locations. My main thought is that it is WAAAAAAAY overpriced. $10 for a well martini? REALLY?? One trip, I got 2 drinks, peppers, and one or two sushi rolls (which are relatively small), and I paid $60!! Yes...60 bucks for ONE person to not even get full! I then heard from a friend that happy hour is the best time to go...prices on happy hour items are a bit more reasonable. So...I went to the late night (10-close) happy hour last weekend.

We walked up and saw a few tables of people outside, and inside there were no more than a handful more...good, not too busy. There was one other woman waiting at the host stand so we stood behind her. We stood there...and stood there...and stood there. 

Several times employees walked by; one even gave a polite little head nod which verified that none of us were invisible. However, even after several times of poking our heads around the dining area and toward the bar tender, no host ever came. We even walked around the fish tank at the entrance thinking maybe someone would come over out of concern that we were essentially BEHIND the host table. Nope! 

After at least 10 minutes of being completely ignored we finally gave up and left. That other woman stayed. That was about a week ago. She very well may still be waiting there. We went to a different restaurant where we paid much less than we would have at RA (even at happy hour prices) and where we were served very quickly.

I have had it with RA. Food is expensive and the taste\/quality is mediocre...more presentation than substance. They use tricks to make the food appear larger than it is...spreading out the pieces of sushi roll, garnishing with sauces and some items to make the dish appear taller. It looks nice of course, but when you're hungry, the aesthetics don't fill you up! Happy hour was my last attempt at allowing them to win me as a customer...and I never made it past the entrance.
Toss the 1950s, Japan and rockabilly into a blender\/shaker and you get this super cute bar - tops for chitchat and drinking. We were on a Dundas West discovery tour, so dipped in only for a single drink. The bar specializes in sake cocktails and sake, but we'd started the evening on beer, so kept singing the same tune. (I wasn't wowed by my draft, which I'm pretty sure was Henderson IPA... turns out I don't love Henderson, oh well.) Next time, I would go straight for the sake or sake cocktails. The owner has rockabilly playing at a level that lets you enjoy the music and hear your bar-mates, too, PLUS an old-school jukebox that plays nostalgic grooves from 45s for a quarter. It's a small place, so come alone or with a friend or two max, sit at the bar or at one of the adorable formica dinette sets. I didn't see anyone eating, but there are a few snack items listed on the chalkboard, one of which is the "Hungry Man Dinner." Given the '50s vibe, maybe it's rolled in on its own TV tray!
Very bad experience.....had a reservation for a specific table outside for a month, called twice to confirm as it was a special birthday event. When we, a party of six arrived, our table was taken. 
The food was average at best.....very disappointed!
I was staying at Bally's last week and was excited that there was a Wahlburgers. Seated outside on a beautiful night and was ready for a good meal. The waitress was great and everyone around me was in a great mood. Then the food came. I ordered my hamburger medium. When it and the fries came they were cold. I was told that when you order medium it isn't cooked as long and therefore not hot.  Never heard that or had it happen before. Extremely disappointed!
FIVE STARS you say? FIVE stars for the Banana Republic to Cheesecake Factory's Gap?

Yes gentle readers, FIVE STARS it is.

Grand Lux is pretty underwhelming on an objective level, sporting all the expected elements of a Cheesecake Factory-esque restaurant (giant menu, dim lighting, carbtastic breadbasket, etc.) with one great FIVE STAR exception: it's opened super late. Billions of kudos to the genius who decided to bring a menu of varying selections and super-sized portions to the extremely inebriated (one demographic in dire need of such a gift). 

I have only been here after midnight and yes, that is when MAGIC happens. The waiters are usually fast, attentive, and accommodating. Once I ordered only a variety of BREADS. Another time, an egg white omelet. But of course the best part is people watching while the lighting is dim, your brain is fuzzy, and inevitable awkward eye contact with fellow diners awaits. My personal favorites include: girl who yakked into her napkin while her friends heartily consumed their meal, guy who got lost and walked by thrice, and girl who passed out face first onto a table.
Very disappointed.  Very austere room.  TV but no remote.  Absolutely nothing in the bathroom - soap, shampoo, etc. only a small roll of toilet paper.  Sink would not drain. 
They did send up bathroom supplies in a bag later, brought a remote, and then attempted to make the sink work but it only lasted a short time.  Got another roll of toilet paper on the second day.

I intended to contact them first before placing a Yelp review but they have no "contact us" on their site.

We were there for a conference, so I tried to order room service breakfast to save time in the morning, only to find out they are only open for orders from 6 a.m. to 1 p.m. and of course you can't get in your room until 4 p.m.  Front desk person said they had a 24\/7 coffee shop so we could have an early breakfast there.  So, we looked for it that evening to no avail.  Found a staff person who told us that the coffee shop had closed that day for good.  Never did find anyplace to go to get a "regular" breakfast.

In the conference center where our meetings were held, first thing we noticed was all the carpet was held together with duck tape all throughout the "executive" conference areas.

Went to make coffee in our room first morning and discovered we only were given enough coffee to make one cup, so we shared.
Have stayed in lots of hotels over the years, and this was a real experience.

The first morning a loud voice came into our room like an air raid siren stating there was an alarm and more information to come.  We quickly got dressed and got our things together,  The alarm message kept coming into our room but no details, very scary.  We are older and have health issues so scared of going down 26 flights of stairs.  After what seemed like quite some time, they made an announcement that the Alarm message was cancelled.  Of course, no problem if it was real, but turned out it was not - see below.

Later I asked a staff person.  First she said it was probably a "test."  I mentioned that it started at 5 a.m., which seemed like an unusual time for a "test."  Her response was someone probably accidently started it - that it happened quite often.  We were seriously scared.  Think that is something they should look into if it really does happen "quite often."

Duck tape on the carpet is one thing, but scaring people with heart conditions at 5 a.m. "by accident" is quite another.

Based on the condition of the hotel and the rooms, I am wondering if there are financial problems.  Stayed in nicer rooms in motels along I-5 on car trips!

Have stayed in many of the hotels over the years in Las Vegas but never had an experience like this for sure.  One positive comment, every staff person we encountered was pleasant and friendly - no problems there.  Which I would say is lucky because they probably have to deal with a lot of complaints.

Perhaps that is why they do not have a "contact us" area on their website!
Awesome place! Kevin is an awesome bartender too, he gave out a few free rounds and he's got some impressive skills.
This review is solely for D'Vonte! He was absolutely incredible from start to finish. My boyfriend and I stopped in here and were looking for a bracelet for my sister while visiting Las Vegas and not one person in the store offered us help EXCEPT for him, and there were many people working on the floor the day we came in.
He was so personable and talked with us, and showed us so many options and absolutely elevated what great customer service really means!
Coming from someone whose been in the corporate customer service field, I would hire him onto a management team any day, and was very surprised to hear he was not the manager.
A million thank you's to D'Vonte for really going above and beyond for us!!
Mmmmm nice Churros! It was one of the best I tasted. I liked how they were freshly prepared and not sitting under a heat lamp or so.It wasn't too crowded when I went here,but maybe because I went at around 7:40 or so. Only reason why one star is docked is because my mother ordered flan from this place and thought it was too hard and sweet.
Super chill place located inside the Orleans. My boyfriend and I came here for a quick drink and ended up staying to hang out for a second drink and an appetizer. The atmosphere is awesome. Bartenders and staff are really friendly and service was great. We enjoyed the Japanese Fish Tacos. During happy hour they're only $9 for three tacos. Worth every penny!! The flavors come together beautifully! Highly recommend. We enjoyed a beer each and then the Baili-Tail Bloody Mary. Delicious! Highly recommend checking this place out. We will be back!
Food was ok..  But service was extremely SLOW, AWFUL,  AND RUDE Staff!! When it's was time to pay the bill,  the staff threw my receipt on the table..  Will never go back here again....
My boyfriend and I were looking for a traditional Korean restaurant in the east valley when we stumbled upon this place. Went in on a Friday night and the place was about half full of customers. We were shortly waived over to a table and ordered our drinks a few minutes later. After looking at the menu we saw that the prices were a little steep so we figured either the portions were huge or the quality would be out of this world. Well.... we got neither. Both my boyfriend and I love bulgogi so I ordered the bulgogi hot pot and he ordered the traditional bulgogi. 

Food got to us fairly quickly and we saw that the portion size was lacking. When we tasted the dishes the flavor was very mediocre. Not bad, just kinda blah. The meet was mostly fat and not very tender as bulgogi should be. The flavor was too sweet and not enough spice to it. As for the side dishes that come with the meal they were all just as bland and boring. Most Korean restaurants bring tons of little things to try but here there were only 5.

All in all the service was good but the food left us unsatisfied.
This is my favorite florist in town. They are creative, friendly, and responsive. Just last week I called with a need for something very quickly. Not only did they create something incredibly beautiful, they provided incredible value for the price of the arrangement. I highly recommend them to anyone needing a florist who will give you incredible service and value.
Disappointing.  For the price you pay, go to GEN instead.  Not many options for all you can eat.  Meat quality was bad and tasted horrible, the kim chi and sides tasted horrible, soups were tasteless so we didn't even bother.  We came for dinner and was the only family there, no wonder.
For a lot of British ex-pats in Brampton\/Mississauga this is your typical chip shop. They even offer sweets from the UK plus some other treats. 

Their specialty is Halibut & Chips. However, it can be a bit pricey at $17.00 for a Halibut steak and chips.  The Haddock is almost 1\/2 the price. 

The staff are friendly and the service is quick.  The take out is very busy on Fridays - so call ahead to avoid the wait.
This is a good place to take the kids to after visiting M&M World and Coca Cola. It can get a little pricey to eat and play here but the kids really seemed to enjoy it.
I have been a season pass holder for 2 years now, and overall it has been a positive experience, but this season it seems to be going downhill. One of the big turn offs is the 13.00 I paid for their refill cup. They no longer have the express line on the side by the drinking machines to get a refill for your drink. You have to stand in the long lines with everyone else ordering food etc. WE waited for almost 20 minutes just to get a drink refill. Totally unacceptable. I also have noticed that they seem to be short staffed for several rides and seem to get really backed up in the lines. For instance. WE were riding the royal flush, and when we finally got a tube and made it to the top, I realized there was only one guard up there and THe half pipe is quite labor intensive so everything was taking a long time. I actually ended up helping the 2 kids in front of me on the royal flush get on their tube and  tell them when they could go otherwise we may still have been standing up there.  Seems as if the customer service is lacking
Yes prices have gone up but still the best deal for miles. Burgers best in Solon and nearby. Ground meat blend is A-1. Want good food without 30 tvs this is a great place.
It's one of life's great coin tosses. Do you go to McDonald's, and risk a mediocre burger but get outstanding, gresy, salty fries? Or do you go to Burger King, get an outstanding Bacon Double Cheeseburger, and be guaranteed fries that taste like the contents of a paper shredder.

For me, it's usually a 50\/50 choice, but if I'm feeling particulrly miserly, I'll opt for the £1.99 cheeseburger deal in here, where it all tastes like cardboard anyway.
Great crepes, panini  and soups.  Top off food with oodles of delectable pastries my personal favorite.... sea salt caramel macaroons!  John and staff are helpful and friendly at Luna Bakery.

Convenient to University Circle located at top of Cedar Hill in Cleveland Heights.  I'll stop in with my office staff for a get out of the office lunch on the patio or a quick bite before a movie with my wife!
The rules have really killed this place. I am aware there is a risk when takin your kids to a trampoline park. That's why we sign a waiver. Right away I was told I couldn't jump in the same area as my boys. I had to jump on the opposite side as them. I came here to have family fun and that got killed right away. I don't see the point in doing a family activity you can't do with your family. My boys could only use a small portion of the "free jump" area even though we have to pay the full price to jump. This place used to be a lot of fun and now I will never come back. That's sad for me because I have been coming to sky zone for over 10 years. Never again
Date of Visit:  11.26.16            My first visit to LGO and it was simply awesome!  It was very busy and I felt sort of like a bull in a china shop in the grocery\/gift shop area - very tight maneuvering around other shoppers and merchandise.  There is a great selection of unique foods, wines and gift items.  Orders are placed at the main counter and then, depending on the item ordered, there are different 'paths'.  If ordering a pizza, you can proceed to the pizza area (seat yourself) and wait for your name to be called.  For other items, you wait at the opposite end of the counter for you order and then take to the pizza area.  There is plenty of outdoor eating spaces.  A community table\/bar is located in the pizza area with a couple of televisions.  I ordered the Gladiator pizza - very, very delicious - especially the crust which had a slightly chewy, sourdough taste.  My dining partner had The Garden sandwich and was impressed with the flavors.  It was a great experience and I'll be back soon.....
This place is crap. I visited this place three times to adopt a kitten and always get the same lies. I checked on their website each time before i went there and asked for a specific kitten, they always said its available , and when I go there i found it adopted one hour ago (according to their lies) the last time i called them in the morning asking about a kitten, they said its in transit and will be at their location at 4 pm. I arrived their at 3:50 pm and the girl at the front desk told me that the kitten will arrive after 10 minutes. After i waited she came to me and told me that she has been adopted by the staff. I think they keep the good pets on side and sell them with higher price. Bunch of corrupted people and liars.
I won't ever go back to this place! Dirty food, Bad customer service, The employees aren't friendly nor nice at all!!! What a shame!
They lie to you to get you in ("it's $10 to enter then open bar")and then when you're in (actually $20) they abide by some BS system where you still have to pay for drinks , and guys get have to shell out more cash. The venue itself is crowded and small. Not worth it.
I'm originally from Newport Beach, CA.  The hardest part of leaving the OC wasn't leaving the ocean, it was leaving my hairdresser.  After being repeatedly disappointed by the quality of the stylists I found out here, the only solution was to drive back to CA to have my hair done, which I did for 10 years.   About three years ago, something came up and I COULDN'T get back to CA for my appointment, and I HAD to get my hair done.  After getting several referrals from friends, I decided to give Salon Fontana a try.     I made an appointment with Richard, the owner.  It was the BEST hair decision I've EVER made!  It's a little bit of a drive, from Anthem, but A LOT closer than CA!   I get a cut & color every 8 weeks, and every time I go, I end up loving my hair even more!  I have never been as happy with my hair at ANY other point in my life, as I have been since discover Richard & Salon Fontana.  Thank you Richard!

The Salon itself, is small, but it's cute and VERY clean.  They sell the BEST products at good prices.  I love being able to schedule my appointments online & text appt. confirmations.
I am always pleased with this establishment. Portions are great. Service is fast. Prices are good. Fish quality is good. Rolls are tight and keep together. Roll size is large but not too large for your mouth. Great carry out and nice relaxed atmosphere for dine in. There is one middle aged skinny Asian waitress that will rush you for your carry out or dine in order so if you get her be warned. The other staff is fantastic. The middle aged sushi chief has been there forever and knows what he is doing. Be sure to tip him and look for his big thankful smile and genuine gratitude while he nods in courteous gesture.
This apartment complex is actually alright during the time I stayed there from Aug 2014-2016, my only concerns are that they advertise this luxury concept when everything is easily broken for example the cabinet literally fell off , the knob on my washer fell off when I was trying to arrange the settings , the door that closes the washer and dryer was broken I have the admit the maintenance team fixed everything quickly when a request was submitted however having lived there for two years I couldn't understand how flimsy these things were for a " luxury apartment" then there is the apartment building I lived on the side where the main office was so there were not a lot of problems however some of the people who rented there I wondered how they were approved such as my next door neighbors who were in a abusive relationship that the police had come out twice to make a home visit , they need to do a better background check on the people they let stay here because before I left the tenants were more noisy than anything , lastly the staff, so I was there for two years the staff changed frequently and on my way out there prices had increased a lot due to the market which I understand from a business standpoint however these supposed " luxury apartments" were not worth the increased prices especially with the limited amount of square footage you get but overall this was a great starter apartment there were never any bugs and people always sprayed if you requested on Fridays at no additional charge , the free breakfast is a plus when your being lazy !! parking spots are hard to find unless you have one assigned oh and I cannot forget the walls they are seriously paper thin you can hear conversation through the bedroom\/ bathroom I always could hear when my neighbors were being intimate ( trust me I was just trying to sleep)
Always jam packed, especially the food hall. Nice alternative to some of the other stores in the area.
Some lines are a little limited.
They are always very professional...inform me via email when service is to be done; they work around my schedule; always arrive in the time frame they say they will and call if they're going to be early, I have 2 dogs so this is very important to me. I think they are very reasonably priced especially for going "Green".
If I had a dollar for every time I drove by this place, I'd be rich!  Gabi K suggested we come here for lunch and it was super good!  I had half turkey and the tomato soup.  I'm not even a big tomato soup kinda gal but its smelled so good when we came in I couldn't resist.  

Best part was the drive thru!  I guess if you call your order in beforehand you can pick it up via drive thru - fast food never tasted so good lol!
Before moving to AZ last Dec, I practiced Bikram yoga in LA and loved it! I had never heard of Sumits yoga until moving here. I decided to give it a try and I'm really glad I did. It's a great workout and I like that it incorporates power flow in between postures. The fast pace and music really get me pumped up during the session. 

The studio itself is very clean\/modern and the staff are always very friendly. 

Now for which hot yoga style I prefer between Bikram and Sumits - I like both! They are very different from each other, but both a great workout and a great way to flush all the toxins out of your body. 

This is one workout I actually look forward to going to. :)
Avoid on the weekends!!! Loud and poor service!  We have been to Essence many times and mostly go for the coffee and macaroons, which are amazing. Today was a little different. Went for Saturday brunch at 11:30 and it was packed. I mean standing room only, very uncomfortable packed. Service was poor, cashier noticeably rude. Took 20 minutes to bring an egg sandwich. They have way too many tables crammed into that small space, couldn't even walk through to see if the patio tables were taken. Do we really need that many tables?  I think we will avoid that place during the lunch rush.
Marble slab =\/= cold stone creamery...marble slab is 100% times better! Sure, the IDEA is the same, but only in the way that McDonalds, Wendy's and Burger King are the same. Everyone has their favourite & mine is definitely marble slab. 

Cold stone ice cream is creamier and melts more easily. The ice cream is almost stringy, and gives you a sugar rush & can make you feel sick after just a few bites.

Marble Slab icecream, on the other hand is absolute perfection. It's sweet, but not sickeningly so. The icecream actually stays together & doesn't give a weird stringy look when you scoop it. & marble slab's Birthday Cake is amazing. How do they make ice cream taste like the birthday cake of your childhood? It amazes me every time.
This is a Korean restaurant specializing in katsu. I had katsu original flavor and curry karaage thigh. All orders comes with a miso soup and lemonade water but no tea.

The katsu meat is super tender and chewy. And the panko that covers the katsu is amazingly crispy and not oily at all.The original flavor katsu is covered by curry which tastes a bit like the ordinary katsu sauce (a bit sour). 

I would not recommend the karaage. They uses yellow curry and there is no flavor inside the chicken.
This is America," I shout to my stupid wife over the speaker phone. "And I will do as I damn well please."

"I just don't see the logic in eating one of everything from the dollar menu, Dale," my ridiculous fool of a wife replies, slightly defeated.

"I don't see the logic in buyin' all that clothes and make-up but I ain't stopping you, Claire!" I hit the red phone doodle thing as hard as I can. Cracks the screen, actually. Doesn't matter. Nothin' is ruining ol' Dale's mood. Not tonight. For tonight, the Feast of the Dollars is upon us. 

I roll up on the illuminated menu like a moth to flame. All my senses buzz as I drink in the many incredibly priced options. Finally, the intercom crackles to life.

"Welcome, how may I help you this evening?"

"I'll take one of everything on your dollar menu, good sir," I say, beaming. There is a long silence.

"...jeez, Dale. Again?" The condescension in these millennials is just infuriating.

"Yeah, chief. It's the feast, kiddo. I'm a job creator!" The idiot probably doesn't even know how economics work. It all trickles down, baby. I pull forward to the window and the pimply-faced hormone wagon says some numbers and I laugh to show 'em how little this means to me. I give him my credit card, which is declined, but it's cool because ol' Dale is never flyin' without a Plan B. I write these dopey kids a check. Someday they'll understand personal finance and checkbooks and look back and think about how prepared I was. Baller status, as the kids would say.

"Just pull forward. We'll bring it out when it's ready," the kid sighs. I do pull forward, and as the anticipation grows, I know it's time for the pre-feast ritual. I pop in some Pantera and just start murdering the air guitar and air drums. Seriously, you guys, you're lucky this isn't a review for Pantera air guitar and air drums because your phone would melt out of your sweaty palms, bubba.

About halfway through "Cowboys From Hell" the food arrives and life just couldn't be better. This is America, y'all. A man can drive in the dead of night with something like ten pounds of toxic food while blaring Pantera, down one check, headed home to his awful wife. McDonalds. Pantera. Marriages that ain't workin'. America. Life, you guys.
I went to the Art Fair on the Square this past weekend.  It's the first time I've been in about three or four years.  

It's a pretty large art fair with over 450 exhibitors, but unfortunately, a lot of them were not the quality of art we were interested in buying.  We went to the Milwaukee Art Museum's Lakefront Festival of the Arts, and there is a vetting process, allowing only the best of the best exhibitors there.  I'm not sure if Madison has this type of process, but I would guess they are not as selective.

The tents are set up all around the state capital, so not only easy to navigate around, but a really lovely view of the capital, and the nearby lakes.    

There is no admission charge, which is nice, but honestly probably pulls in a lot of people there for cheap entertainment, and not serious buyers.  So, perhaps good for customers, not so good for exhibitors.  

The art fair was a bit too pedestrian for us.  We could not find a single beverage tent that sold wine....but there was plenty of Leinenkugel's, MGD, or Spotted Cow.  But to make up for it, there are plenty of restaurants on State Street, or around the square.  

We only came home with one $200 metal sculpture.  All in all, I can see going again if there is a particular artist exhibiting that we want to check out, or if we just want a nice out-of-town day trip.
I had my first visit here this week and I must say that I am extremely impressed!  Staff members were very welcoming and friendly.  Pati did my nails and pedicure and she did an amazing job!  She pampered me to the fullest!  Thanks Pati.  I can't wait until my next visit! :)
Good pizza, but we must have gone in on an off night for the staff.. they made no effort to acknowledge us. When we walked in, there was no one else in line, and being our first time there we weren't sure where to order..so we walked up to the first counter, & were ignored.."humm perhaps we went to the wrong counter?" So we walked to the other one..still nothing (but about 6 people working or standing around behind the counter area) But, our question on which counter to order at, was soon answered, as a woman walked in and went right up to the first place we stood, and proceeded to place her order.. uh okay, whatever.. we walked over & stood behind her & right back at the 1st place we started . Now mind you there were no other customers waiting in line, just the two of us.. and the guy taking our order rushed us to the point you'd think there was a fire & he had to evacuate asap.. but, after he got our pizza sizes & sauce order, it was on to queen grumpy pants.. zero personality, & asking her a question was like asking for the world.. just crappy attitude and disinterested. Then the wait was a bit excessive, & a quick side note **if you have the curiosity to try the carmeled pear iced tea DON'T it's hands down the nastiest tasting liquid I've ever tried.  The pizza was good once we got it, but the vibe killed the mood and I was eager to leave.
I love these guys! Honest, friendly, and they always do a good job. I never feel like they are trying to get me for anything, and that is important in an auto place. On top of that they are funny and their restroom smells really good!
Did a one day stop over this past Saturday on our way from NY to Norton, Ohio - yes, Norton, Ohio.  We absolutely loved our stay at this hotel.

Once we pulled up we were immediately surrounded by two of their employees.  One valeted the car, and before I could say or do anything, our luggage was already placed by the front desk by the other gentleman.  Tremendous job.  We then checked in with Priya, and she could not have been more helpful and informative.  She also let us know to give about 20 minutes notice before we wanted the car, we did exactly that the next day and it was ready for us. 

Room was spectacular, came with a soaking tub and a shower right next to it.  One of the more cooler decorated and interestingly styled rooms we've stayed in.  

We'll eventually get back to Pittsburgh again, next time for a baseball game - we will definitely stay here.  You should do the same.
The hotel in question was not kept up to par, the hallways had several wholes in the walls and the elevator does not seem safe.  In addition in the room the phone cord was missing from the phone as well as there was what seemed like blood or makeup on the sink in the bathroom. The most frustrating part was that we left a pair of shoes in the room and called the next morning to attempt to get them back and the housekeepers did not turn them into lost and found.
I had raved about the great experience I had at this PF Chang location the first time I went to my husband so he was dying to go. We went two weeks back and he was very impressed by the gorgeous interior just as I was and being a warm summer evening, the terrace was occupied and looked very inviting. If you aren't a fan of strong AC then you should opt for the terrace... I requested to move to a seat that wasn't under direct AC but was told all of them are :\/

We had the dynamite shrimps and egg rolls for starters. For how they were described in the menu, I was disappoined by the dynamite shrimps... they were shrimps coated in a sauce that I could have made at home and presented in a cocktail glass with a piece of lettuce! For 15$ I believe, they are not worth it. However, I still found them delicious and enjoyed them a lot as well as the crispy egg rolls! For mains, my husband ordered the salt and pepper fried shrimps with spicy stir fried green beans and I had the chilli garlic shrimp noodles. Again, both were absolutely delicious and full of flavour, the level of spice was to the point. We were unable to finish, despite thinking we didn't order enough! 
The last time I had been, I had tried the banana egg rolls and chocolate cake for dessert. I had enjoyed them a lot last time but this time, I just didn't have space for more! 

I can relate to the negative reviews about this place, especially if you have tried other locations around the world. The standards here are lower and service is slow if you come at peak time. The first time I visited, we had a waiter with a lot of attitude who scorned if he wasn't happy with the amount of tips each of us gave. I also find the menu overpriced for the quality you receive, I guess you are mainly paying for the ambiance and upkeep of the place.
looks like the word is out.. the place was buzzing on a saturday night. First of all, this is something toronto needs for a change in perspective on indian cuisine. The vision seems similar to what Vij's has done in Vancouver. The menu is mostly fusion concept but it also has some traditional dishes. We ordered an appetizer and 2 mains to get a broader perspective. The chicken 65 appetizer was yummy. The chicken was so tender and the seasoning was spot on. Being an Indian, chicken 65 reminds me of indo chinese style preparation but this was more south indian in nature.  Our favorite amongst the mains was the scallop and prawn ambotik. It had a great balance of sweet and tangy. The punjabi chicken was a simple home style preparation. For dessert we had the chai pot de creme which was delectable, we made sure we wiped it all clean. Overall, the portions are substantial for sharing, we had to pack our mains since we could not finish them.

Service was friendly although it took some time to take our order. Will definitely recommend this in a heartbeat and will be back again with friends.
We've been staying here for years one night at a time always before the next morning's flight out of Sky Harbor to somewhere.  It's always been reliable, clean, friendly and you can't beat the convenience.  They have long term parking with 24 hour shuttles to the airport.

It looks like it has undergone a pretty comprehensive renovation recently because it looks the best that I can remember.  It's pretty upscale, modern and nicely decorated.  The rooms are equally nice with very comfortable beds, nice linens and towels.
I'm Korean and this is a place appreciated by non Koreans. Cute place and great to have a Korean restaurant in south Etobicoke, but I would go for Korean food at better prices in K-town Christie\/Bloor or north York.
Tastes like straight up garbage. Don't do it. They should be out of business. The udon and chow mein tastes really funky.
With buffets, you're always looking for the perfect balance between price and quality of food. You don't want to pay a lot for crappy food, obviously, but you're cool with eating something less than gourmet to save a few bucks. Overall, I think this one strikes a good balance. It's ridiculously cheap ($8 for lunch!), but the food is still pretty good. Maybe I lucked out the last time I went, but the food was freshly made and tasted good. It was definitely better than the 24 hour cafe at my hotel and I paid twice as much for food half as good. 

Sure, it's off the strip, but you've gotta leave Vegas some time and this is a good stop on the way out. Gold Coast is a sort of sad little casino, something similar to what they had out there before the mega hotel\/casinos the city's got now, but you lost all your money anyway. Forgive the extra cigarette smoke and abundance of little old ladies and check this place out. It definitely seems like the place the locals go to, so you know you're getting your money's worth twice over.
Solid bar that feels like a cheers if you go at the right time of day! The two male bartenders that hang outside are on point, friendly fast service. Gotta get there early to get a table but their patio outside area is really what sells this place as a destination bar. I love their burgers and most of their food.
I was pleasantly surprised!  I wasn't expecting really good food in the middle of pre-fab Hudson, but there it was!

The atmosphere is sleek yet comfortable.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I would feel comfortable going with a family, or on a date.

I had the Mussles Livornese, consisting of many properly cooked mussles on a bed of pasta covered in an olive, caper and tomato sauce.  The mussles were fresh and tender and the sauce was really vibrant.  Mon cher chou had gnocchi with chicken, which he pronounced good.  He was ready for a nap afterwards!

They also have a nice children's menu.  My daughter had some freshly breaded chicken fingers (not the frozen kind)  and some penne pasta.  It was of a much higher quality than most children's menus.
This place is NEVER Open! It has good pizza, but they need to understand how to follow hours of operation!
Had the cheddar Mac and the Philly cheesesteak Mac.  Food was fantastic!  Loved the atmosphere.  Will be coming back!!
Mmmm inhale that smell of fresh popcorn! Not gunna lie a bar can totally buy my affection with free food, especially warm, salty, comforting popcorn. You don't even know you have the drunk munchies until you smell it and then it is game over. Munch away.

Let me put my imaginary popcorn down for a moment to talk about the rest of the bar. We walked over to this place after our whirlwind South End brewery tour.  We went to the bar and my companion ordered a whiskey and I ordered a beer. The bar had a really good selection and the interior was clean. Though the bar was crowded the bartender was quick and efficient. Prices weren't bad either. 

After we got our drinks we headed to the rooftop. We passed patrons playing all sorts of games which gave the bar a nice laid back feel.  Not a bad view when we got to the top but not a lot of seating and it was definitely busy around 10pm on a weekend. While there was some variety the majority of the patrons looked about like what you would see at a college frat party. 

It was a fun bar and I look forward to returning the next time I am in the area.
I came on a Saturday evening with my partner.  We were promptly seated.

All servers were very nice.  

We ordered the shrimp appetizer, caesar salad, home made ravioli in a white sauce, veal parmesan, and a tiramisu.

The shrimp appetizer was miserable.  They were a tiny 8 limp shrimps (like those you get in a shrimp ring) laid on a bed of leafy spines.  I couldn't believe they could pass this off as an appetizer at an "authentic" Italian restaurant.

The ravioli in the cream sauce was the most pleasing.  The caesar salad was also a full bed of romaine heart spines with little sauce.  It tasted like iceberg lettuce.

This place was very dissapointing.  Ambiance is nothing to write home about.  Though the service was good.
Once again a goodwill that does not understand the concept of "thrift store". Selling USED LCD tv's for new prices. 

If I want to pay $200 for a 36" LCD TV I might as well spend the money and buy a new one.

Also twice at this store they asked if I wanted to donate the penny on an item purchased. I said no and they took it anyways. what part of N O don't you understand?

If you want my penny just make the prices even, What's with everything ending in odd numbers of 9?
Maybe nicest upper levels bike shop nationwide here. Most helpful staff, Glen. Beautiful high end bikes and equipment. This is a must do place for the enthusiastic rider.
Overpriced for pretty-average. Being from out of town, I relied on Yelp reviews to find a nice restaurant. Restaurant looked great - but pretty empty for a Friday evening. (Why?). Food was just OK, but service was pushy.
I'm usually a fan and lover of coffee bean, but this one is way over priced for the same product. 2 dollars more than usual. The ice blended mochas are still great but the taste isn't as great for such a bourgeoise price.
My family and I went to Ruth's Chris for Good Friday dinner this year. With a party of 17 I'm sure we were no picnic to take care of, but it ended up being the most perfect dining experience! We had two servers, Ken and Adam, and they did an AMAZING job! The service was professional and fast, and the waiters had unlimited patience for my vegetarian diet. Ken was totally the Godfather of Ruth's Chris menu, he knew EVERYTHING and was very attentive. Adam waited on the other half of the table, so we didn't get get chat, but my brother and I talked him into jumping into a photo with us at the end, he was a cool guy and a great waiter as well! 

The food itself was on a whole new level. My boyfriend and my brother both had the Cowboy Steak, which was HUGE. They haven't stopped talking about how delicious it was for the past week. Grandma had the Chilean Sea Bass, which she said was cooked to perfection. Being a vegetarian I ordered the side item platter with asparagus with hollandaise, creamed spinach, and sweet potato casserole. All of my sides were absolutely perfect, and the casserole was so good I could have easy eaten ten more bowls. 

Dessert was even better (if that's even possible!) I had the Creme Brûlée, which I was reluctant to share with Aunt Barb, because it was so darn good! My boyfriend had the Chocolate Sin Cake, which I'm fairly certain was sent from the gods above. 

Overall it was an absolutely splendid dining experience and I would recommend Ruth's Chris to anyone! (Definitely try the sweet potato casserole)
Located inside the Wynn casino. This is a good place if you want a nice water show and good dinner. Prices are expensive but the food is good.
Baba ganoush was amazing.....sweet smoky flavor. Dolmades also excellent. Tomato "salsa" was the best....tomato, corriander and chips.  Will def visit again!
Chef Aaron May is the force behind this restaurant, especially since it was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. There are several locations, and this particular morning, we went to the location at 47th Street & Indian School.

Weekend mornings will find patrons waiting in line for a table at this local favorite. Why? I really have no idea. I had high hopes for this place because it's had rave reviews from local food critics, fellow Yelpers, been written up in magazines and on Triple D. But I was not impressed.

The coffee was good, not outstanding. The atmosphere was, well...odd. Nice if you like upside-down children's umbrellas. 

The Mediterranean omelet (w\/ spinach, tomato,  garlic & Feta) sounded good this particular morning. Wow - garlic should have been listed as the 1st ingredient - I like garlic but this was way too overpowering. The omelet itself was overcooked at the edges and since my taste buds were overwhelmed by the garlic, I can't really tell you if the omelet itself was flavorful. Big disappointment.

Crying Pig omelet was selected by a meat lover in our group. He said it was flavorful and had a fair amount of bacon & sausage. He thought the omelet was a bit overcooked, especially around the edges, and was a bit dry, too.

Not too many places have corned beef hash on the menu, so our friend jumped at the chance. He ordered it w\/eggs AND a side of gravy. He absolutely loved it. Now, take that with a grain of salt as he always loves everything - but he was sincere in saying it was delicious so I believe him.

For a restaurant that specializes in breakfast fare, I expected more. Would I go back? Potentially. However there are so many other choices in the Valley that it may be a long time before I circle back.The waiter was friendly and made sure our waters and coffees were filled.
I have been getting my hair cut and colored by Jessica Hemmery for over 7 years now.  Not only is she amazing at her job but has an incredible eye for what will look good and what may not.  I never worry about my hair not turning out absolutely perfect!  I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a great cut and color every time!
I have only bought one thing at this place. 

but I always visit this place when I am in the area. It's one of the most unique shops, selling things you won't see anywhere else. Some of the things you won't even know what they are. 

You have to see it for yourself.
The service was very slow - not much of a choice for entrees. WORST chicken yakisoba ever!!! Dry chicken, enough sauce for a soup, and weird soggy pan fried noodles... and made me feel ill later that evening.
Had the banh mi burger. Yum! So tasty and juicy! My friend had the Pho burger and she loved the taste, a bit messy with the sauce but still good!
New stuff coming apparently. Hope they won't get too complicated with the menu. 
Would recommend !!
READ THIS.......If you don't have eyelash extensions you need to get them! I don't wear a lot of make-up and extensions give me the look of having make up naturally. Sarah at wink is really good at her job and gives you the exact look that you want. She is also very caring and takes her time to do the job right. Not only that ..........I am traveling from out of state and she squeezed me in her schedule and made me feel at home. Go to WINK and Sarah if you want great extensions.
For my 20th anniversary on Valentines day I was surprised by a bouquet my husband had sent me to The Palazzo after coming back from LE REVE show, although very beautiful I was really sad that the next day 2 of the roses were already dying 1 was full bloom and the water was beginning to become cloudy! Did what instructions said daily  but no use my bouquet was just getting worse. For $150 I think they should last up to a week!! Maybe the glass beads didn't let the stems breath idk or the way they cut them you could see the stems darkening where they cut or scraped them. see my pic!
Looked like a cool place to come. I did, and the ambience was good. Food came out so wrong and the girls bathroom was flooding and the staff did nothing about it. Also, we made a reso and the table wasn't ready til an hour after. Not impressed at all! I love Montreal, but his was a disappointment.
they charge 1 dollar for seal your drop off package !
One of my very favorite Vegas spots! The new beer lists always brings you in to try something new! A little pricey but if you ask the bartenders about special days and times then good chance you could be walking out with a growler of your fave brew for 50% off! 
And the food is phenomenal. I'm a total food snob. I like big bold flavors and interesting combinations. Aces has it. Yum! Love it here. They know I'll always come around xo
Amazing! Cute environment. Great scrambles and omelets. Also had a great coffee shop area. Wait was long, but worth it!
Great atmosphere, asset to Hilton, with welcoming efficient staff.  The menu is vast, covering all areas of taste.  Our selections exceeded expectations both in quality & quantity.  A sure "come back" to when in Henderson NV.  The mgr. Liz made it a point to visit our table, personalization that is too rare these days.
We have had an amazing experience with our expert and professional associate Mary jo. She was very enthusiastic and happy to help us make our decisions for the tuxes. I would definitely recommend her to friends and family. Thanks again for the assistance.
I love this place!!!! They have yummy, thin crust. The sauce is what's really amazing... I can never decide what to get because I want everything!!!!! Try it ;)
I love Cafe Rio! My favorite is the shredded chicken salad with pinto beans. I always order an extra creamy dressing, it's amazing! I'm really glad cafe rio's in Arizona! Yay!

Food 5\/5
Atmosphere 5\/5- this place is really open, parking is great, and there's never a wait!
Service 5\/5
One of the best franchises to work out at but in vegas, all of them got bought out by EOS... At least members get to keep their contracts and perks. They only changed their name.
Thanks guys for the great work and customer service as always :). They're mechanics are very knowledgable and the front desk is friendly and very helpful. I came in through a referral because I was tired of dealing with the dealerships and their high prices. This shop has all the benefits of the dealerships but with more experience and precision repair and at a very fair and affordable cost.
I absolutely love the fresh & delicious food at the Chop Shop. I wish I could enjoy it more often.

That being said, they have to major issues: service & cleanliness. My first time there, I ordered a fresh juice & a salad. Guy gives me a number for my order & no further information. I look around for a table, but every empty table is completely dirty. I go ask someone behind the counter, if they can clean a table. Guy says yes, & never comes. 

I then sit for a while at one of the dirty tables, then a couple leaves & leaves a fairly clean table, so I move to that table. About 20 minutes after I ordered, I was still surrounded by dirty tables & they brought my salad. I asked where my juice was, & he said it was by name. Huh? I don't work there, it's my first time there, & apparently there's 1 system to get your drink, & one to get your food. This is obviously something that should have been explained to me.

By the time I got my juice, it had been sitting around for a long time & had separated. The service sucked & I was really disgusted by how dirty this place was.

If they can improve their service & hygiene, then I'll be happy to give them my business. This is something that management or the health department really needs to address right away.
Love it here! Food court is amazing! The produce is always great and you can't beat their return policy. I had a bad batch of avocados and they returned them no questions asked. Always great customer service! Bathrooms always clean!
Great rotisserie chicken! When you walk in it's the first thing you smell and it's very welcoming. We go there on a regular basis. The prices are good and the service is always very nice, sometime a little slow but I don't mind. Their pork and steak are really good too. Definitely make sure you get the plantains and save room for their churros!
We went here specifically because people were raving about the breakfast burritos and we're totally underwhelmed. These were the skimpiest breakfast burritos. Potatoes were add ons. WTH, potatoes or hash browns & eggs are what makes a breakfast burrito. Check out my pics of a ham, egg & cheese but they forgot the pico de gallo & the sausage burrito with potatoes added didn't have any potatoes or pico de gallo. I guess we caught them on a bad day or right when they opened or something.
Out of all the restaurants we went to on my trip to Arizona, this makes the top two.

Toasty subs.  What a concept!  From now on, I will heed the call of the toasty sub.  I had the veggie with guacamole, and in hindsight, I really should have gotten a bigger one.  Maybe even a blunt.  And they deliver!  That's almost the best part.  I can't believe they don't have one of these in NYC.  This place definitely renders NYC just a little less hip and very unimaginative.  And this is in Tempe, home of ASU greeks and Wes from Real World Austin.

The counter guys are very cool and the decor is busy, but busy the RIGHT way.  The guy who took our order was a little out of his mind, but very entertainingly so. 

Apparently, Tempe is certainly not a hot spot, and if it were to be called that, it would only be weather-wise.  After all I'd heard about the city, I certainly wasn't expecting this place.  Tempe, the Cheba Hut is your redeemer.
Just brakes and their employees have to be the most corrupt business and people I have ever dealt with.  How they are in business is beyond me.  They lied about my brake status and absolutely berated my wife when she did3 agree to a $700 brake job.  Told her that she was a negligent mother to drive kids with these brakes.  I go in a few days later and have them show me the issue which they couldn't show me because they were fine (just a little sqeaky).  All they said was get out of here.  No accountability. No manager said they would look into what happened. Nothing.  

Then I tell a friend about my experience.  He has his own equally atrocious experience...actually worse because they broke his axel and wouldn't do anything about it.  Serious crazytown with these guys.

Buyer beware with these crooks!
Okay...so here's the thing, a great hair stylist (color and cut combined) is EXTREMELY hard to find these days. Now, combine that with impeccable customer service and that's damn near impossible to find!! But I have to say, I found it here. Lisa takes the time to understand exactly what it is you're looking for in her consultation with you before beginning, and makes sure you're COMPLETELY satisfied before leaving. She has impeccable attention to detail and is a complete pleasure to work with! I'm already looking forward to my next cut. You're a doll Lisa!! Thanks a million!
It's like having a miniature sea world in vegas minus the dolphins and whales. It's a great family place! So I purchased the pogo passes for me and my kids and this was one of the venues included. My sons favorite spot out of all of it was the sting ray tank. 

In order to feed the animals and sting rays you need to purchase tokens which to be honest I felt they are a little overpriced. I would recommend pre-purchasing online. 

We went on a Wednesday afternoon for my nephews birthday, it wasn't overcrowded. My kids and nephews were able to enjoy everything. The staff was friendly and helpful to some extent. It was a great place to spend a few hours at. Many different thing to see!
This place is pretty over priced for the small portion sizes.  We expected to at least have some leftovers but we ate everything we ordered and left hungry.  The two squash soup was delicious, the Brussel sprouts with bacon was good but served in a tiny croc, the mac and cheese was just okay.  I actually liked the fennel and apple pasta with sausage but again, it was such a small portion.  The walleye was good, but is oddly paired with a beet coulis and the rice and Cauliflower that was served  along with it was such a tiny amount.  I hope this place figures out that Pittsburghers don't like to pay for meals with very conservative portion sizes.  I doubt I'll go back but wish them luck since this place is located in my neighborhood.
Had the brown butter lavender brittle and the fair trade chocolate. Both very good. Better than Jeni's. Give it a try.
Could the commercials be creepier? Its nothing but an elderly person awkwardly  staring in to camera.  The people in the commercial look like they are the type to run a ponzi scheme.

I went here and its way too crowded and the i wasnt pleased with the prices.  

Good luck visiting them if you have dental issues
Really enjoyed my meal.  We went here with another family, there were 10 of us. I had pate appetizer. It was really good  and tasted excellent.  Had lamb shank main course.  It was cooked perfectly.  Price point was perfect.  We were given a table that overlooked the strip and fountains. Great way to spend the evening. Service was really good.
Sushi was OK. But the place worked out well for a large group and... well... their birthday gig is the best. They dim the main lights, crazy strobe party lights come out of the ceiling and a bizarre Engrish version of the Happy Birthday song starts bumping on the sound system. It was quite surreal, and wacky enough that it makes me want to go here for my birthday.
I guess I'm kind of "city folk" because I had never been to a fair like this before but... it was really something.  A real "slice of life" that is great for people watching.

We went after a Cubs spring training game and checked out the food (deep fried anything and everything!), the entertainment (pig races! and livestock! and Ostrich Festival Idol!) and the rides (umm... nothing I was daring enough to try.)  We paid a dollar to see the biggest fattest pig, we shopped a little, we ate a little, we watched people playing ridiculous games to win ridiculous stuffed animals, and we had a good time. 

Did it have that feeling like, everything cost an extra dollar? Sure it did. But that's ok, it was still fun. If I lived here, I'd go to this every year. If not to participate, at least to watch the people who participate.
Man these were some seriously good Fish & Chips.  I think they're the best Fish & Chips I ever had though the tartar sauce could been a little stronger.  The fish was perfectly cooked.  Even though the coating was crunchy, it just shattered with no effort when biting into it.  Perfect piece of fried fish.

Sticky toffee pudding had pretty good flavor but people are nuts if they think it's better than Gordon Ramsay's.  I actually think they make it ahead of time and microwave it.  That's not great but can't complain when the Fish & Chips are so good.
3rd visit to Medieval Times. Great experience as always. Horses and the falcon are absolutely wonderful, staff is super friendly and they all stay in character throughout the whole show. Food is nice, portions are huge (I am yet to ever finish the whole thing) Great place for the whole family, or a group of friends. Totally worth it to upgrade to royalty package and arrive early. :)
Vent is perfect for what I need.  Convenient, reasonably priced, and talented staff.  Love it!
I never imagined that a BBQ brisket sandwich could be so greasy!  I mean, it was disgusting!!  Where does the grease come from, I wonder?  
I am a local and I won't be recommending, nor taking anybody to Big Ern's ever.
If I can give Clearvision Eye Centers -Southwest a 10, I would! I had the best experience. I live in Los Angeles, Ca and drove to Las Vegas, NV to visit the store because they carry frames by TC Charton. A few days prior to my trip, I called the store and Rhonda assisted me on the phone. I told her I like to stop by and try on some frames and asked if she had one called the "Yuki" by TC. Rhonda said they just sold a pair and can order one from the manufacture and have it in the store by the time I arrive in Vegas. Sure enough the frame arrived and Rhonda was kind enough to order a few different styles from TC that may fit my petite Asian face. Rhonda is the most helpful and patient person I have ever met. She is honest to tell you which frame looks best on you and why. She wants to make sure the frames fit properly and comfortably. 

After deciding on the frame YUKI, I also wanted to have prescription lenses made. Given my limited time in Vegas, Rhonda said the glasses will be ready in three days.  And true to her words, I got my glasses before I left Vegas! 

Dr. Wong came out to meet and greet and was excited for my selection. The entire staff is pleasant and the store is clean and tidy.

Though I didn't win any money in Vegas, I won the JACKPOT at Clearvision Eye Centers -Southwest! I will definitely return in the future and recommend my friends and relatives to the store and to the TC Charton line.
The pizza was ok.  My younger son wanted mac and cheese and it came out way after the pizza which made it difficult since he is only 4.  It came out super hot, gooey and delicious.  I think next time I  will order it for myself.  The game room is kinda small and the games all take multiple tokens which can get expensive.  It is clean and organized.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.
I recently moved to the area after seeing the same stylist for 2 years.  I was running errands in the shopping center and stopped in Hudson Salon to get information and check availability.  They actually were able to take me immediately.  Jessie was awesome!  She matched my hair color perfectly.  Everyone was incredibly friendly and helpful.  I will definitely be a regular customer and highly recommend!
Great place don't know what some of these people talk about, I've eaten at many places and when a place is busy things may take a few extra minutes, I bet some of these same people wait in line at Starbucks for an hour, and then complain about the price but then go put money in a slot machine. Hands down this is a solid place.
now great for ladies too!! nikae (formerly of patersons george street) is amazing, cut and colour is absolutely perfect every time!! really worth checking out this wee gem of a salon!
Wow! This show was exceptional. The stage was in the center of the theater, which made it a nice viewing experience from most angles. I would definitely not recommend sitting very close to the stage as the stage is nearly at eye level and much of the action is at higher levels. The drinks were actually reasonably priced. The music was amazing, the technology (use of holograms and powered lights and tricycles) was really interesting, and the acrobatics and stunts were wonderful. At times it appeared to be almost psychedelic, giving me the impression that perhaps hallucinogenics were popular in that era. Regardless, it seemed very appropriate for children and several children even had roles in the show. The seats were very comfortable. People were singing and clearly enjoying themselves. I was so happy we chose to see Love, it was well worth the money!
Gosh, where do I start. I feel like most people who rate have strong feelings either for or against an entity. I will be one of those. I will try to make this short.

So I've been going here since 2012 to service my '09 45th anniversary GT for everything. I trusted these guys. 

At the end of last year I went in for regular service, oil change, fuel filter, rotation etc. The day I got my car back I had an AC issue. Coincidence? I still don't know.

Fast forward to a few weeks ago. For several months my car has been having this AC issue but I didn't mind until AZ started getting hot. The problem was instead of blowing through my vents the AC would intermittently switch to floor or dashboard. The AC got warmer and warmer just as summer came upon us. I decided it was time to fix the issue. I took my car in. They called me later quoting me for over 2,000 for several things but the AC issue was, to them, a different problem than I described and to fix that alone it would be 1,300. 

I googled the issue they claimed it to have been, and came to the conclusion that this was NOT my issue. I called them asking why they thought it was this problem, to which they replied that they weren't educated in this area so they'd have to get back to me but that even if I agreed to service my vehicle they wouldn't get to it until the next day or two because they were so backed up. I denied service and was charged the $80 or something for them looking at it and told them I wanted my car back that day.

I got my car back and drove it home crying the entire way! I was so upset because they magically fixed the issue I took it in for but instead the AC was blowing HOT HOT outside air. It was 120 outside that day. I was very upset to say the least.

My friend recommended a trusted shop. I took it in. They fixed the issue for $150 and what do you know it wasn't the issue the dealership told me it was. My intuition and research were right. I still don't have the problem Earndhart told me I have. A misdiagnosis? I don't know but they nearly got 2000 dollars out of me for lying or being uneducated. I hate them now.
This is a very small shopping mall, I have not seen any clothing stores like most malls have. Basically it is a theater, a metro grocery, Eden grocery, a drug store and a dollarama. There are a few places to eat mall food.
Food has always been great, I've been here many times. But, if you're looking for somewhere to get something quickly, save this place for when you're not tight on time. For instance, today, I ordered a regular sized bowl, no special requests, while there were maybe 2 other customers there and only 1 person ahead of me (who had been waiting for a while). It took a total of exactly 23 minutes for my one bowl to be ready, without acknowledgement or apology from staff, and I only have a 30 minute lunch break.
Great food. Not great on time.
I've only had the opportunity to go once, but if I'm in Charlotte again, I'm definitely going back! The staff was super friendly (greeted me by name and genuinely seemed excited to be there) and the pizza was delicious - you could tell all of the toppings were high quality and super fresh. I ordered one of the pre-designed pizzas and wanted to get additional toppings; low and behold, the guy taking my order let me know that any extra ones are at no additional cost. This is definitely rare, so it was nice to know that having my pizza "my way" wasn't going to cost an arm and a leg! For anyone who loves good food, this is the new place to try (and try you will because they have so many delicious menu items)!
I always have a pleasant experience with this Nordstrom's. The service is pleasant and prompt, the selection is nice. 

The service people are hit and miss. Sometimes, the Mac counter staff can seem a little bit aloof, so from time to time you have to wait for a while before you get helped, but one of the surrounding counters is quick to locate a person for you, but never rude. Only once have I been whisked into a purchase that I did not want because I was swiped to a cross-sale across the floor from the shoe department to the perfume department.

Looking back, that was a little unwanted, especially because they assumed a price level that was out of my league and next thing you know you are ringing up a 750 dollar perfume. Tsk tsk. However 9\/10 your associate will be polite and helpful.
Every morsel we ate caused a party in our mouths. You must try the marscarpone cheesecake. Leave room in your bellies!!
Love this patio.
Great neighbourhood bar.  

One of the only patios in the city where I can bring my dog and she can sit on the patio with me.

Very casual laid back.
Wow, what a pleasant surprise. After hearing lot's of good things from people who live in nearby condo's, we ordered some take-out for a group at the office. Good quality sushi \/ sashimi at a low price... but with limited selection.  

Take-out is the only real option as there is no real seating. Some small tables outside in the summer but thats it. Not very practical if you want to eat out but probably a good idea for the condo crowd. Food was ready quickly and the call ahead order process worked well. 

We ordered multiple combos to share and many of the stand alone rolls. I found pricing to be on the lower end - especially for the downtown core. 

The sushi was pretty good and given the lower price level, it makes for a great value proposition.  I was a little disappointed with the variety, but what they do have, they do well. It doesn't make my top sushi list but that's OK since it also costs much less.  

The sushi & sashimi was very fresh and the portions were generous. I think the sushi actually had too much rice but that's a minor complaint. The spicy tuna rolls were excellent and I really liked the spicy sauce. Those in the know ordered extra spicy sauce to use on other rolls. 

The base combos only include the basics -  Salmon, Ebi, White & Red Tuna and either california rolls or spicy tuna rolls. You get more salmon than anything else.

A good option if you live downtown and want takeout but just not practical if you want the total dining experience. 

BK
Came here on a friend's recommendation. He wasn't kidding... this place is great and worth the short drive from Ahwatukee. 

This place was uhMAZing. The fish... fried to perfection, tasted so fresh and not greasy. I had catfish and my hubbie had whiting, I think it was called. Getting that next time -- you get more and it takes less time than the catfish. They post the prep times on the board. Sides were delish. Best cole slaw we've had in AZ. Yum. Portions were generous.

Also can't wait to try the chicken.
The apartments are dated. The a\/c was loud and inefficient. My electric bill in the summer was around 150$ for a one bedroom apartment. 
The location is decent, but for the price you can find a much better deal in this area of Tempe.
Heritage Hat Company came with a great recommendation, and once I walked in the door I could see why. There is an amazing selection of hats neatly displayed, and Rich is helpful and friendly.  I went in looking for a hat for a decorative purpose, and I expected to be laughed out of the store.  Instead I was treated with respect and kindness and my needs were well addressed.  This is such an authentic business in a world which seems so over the top to me.
Great food and service. I love the yellowtail collar called Hamachi Kama it's a must try. The green mussels are amazing when they have them in. Best sushi in Scottsdale in my opinion better that RA Sushi. 
Gotta try this place.
I wouldn't stay here again if in Cleveland or recommend this place. It's downtown so that alone makes it noisy but it also has the most inconsiderate and noisy guests I've ever experienced. And the parking garage is hell. It's nearly impossible to park in and they let non guests park there (it's right across the street from the Q) so sometimes, even as a paying guest, you may not get a parking spot. It's also older and hasn't been remodeled like so many of the other RI's. And who knows the last time the hallway saw a mop? On the surface the place looks like it should be nice but not so much.
One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh!  This places makes you feel as if you are in NYC not the burg.  It's 2 floors are tastefully decorated and there are small separate dining rooms that add a nice touch of intimacy to your dining experience.  I have been here on 2 separate occasions.  The drink menu is a old Rolodex type of phone book which is cute, but can be tough if it's broken as mine was.  

I LOVE BRUSSEL SPROUTS, and if you feel the same these are the BEST I have ever had.  I have eating all over american Chicago, LA, NOLA, Portland, Seattle, NYC, Philly, Miami, and if they are on a menu I order them.  This place hands down are the best ever.  They are served roasted topped with Parm and a delicious dipping sauce.  

I have eaten the following items here over my 2 visits:

1. Skirt Steak - delicious, my least fav, but not awful at all
2. Cheese plate - great cheese and accompaniments
3.Leek soup - Just awesome, the pork belly takes it to the next level
4. Scallops with blue crab risotto - one of the best entrees I have eaten in a long time.  The portion, favor combo, presentation are perfection
5. Brussel Sprouts - See above, AMAZING!

The drinks are also delicious!  I have had the old fashioned each time I have been.  They also have my favorite champagne by the glass available, Veuve Clicquot Rose!!!

Make sure you make a reservation at least a week of 2 in advance, it fills up fast here.
Food was great. The cook looked tired but he made damn good food. It was hot and had flavor. The cashier was a girl with glasses, she was very polite. Would definitely get food from here again.
The place was dead as expected on a Sunday afternoon. So you'd think the service would be great. But not the case. We had to tell the hostess twice that we needed our waitress.

Waitress returned 15 minutes later. We were told she was taking another table's order.

We did finally order. But waitress never came back to refill our drinks. We had to ask the server when our food came. Everyone's plates had obviously say on a warmer for awhile since the plates were very hot.

My flatbread came out way over cooked around the edges and gooey in the middle.

Pretty disappointed with the experience and will not be back. Funny that my in laws said that this location was better than the one in Mt. Lebanon. I'm glad we didn't go THERE!!
I stopped by with CM to check out the fish fry last night.  When we got together for an impromptu date, a friend's check in at another fish fry reminded me that (1) it was Fri.-- fish fry day! and (2) I seemed to recall this was the day of St. Regis's fish fry, which, unlike other fish fries, is not offered every Fri. in Lent.  Upon confirming this with the handy-dandy PGH fish fry map, we headed over to check it out.

Neither of us had been to a fish fry before, but I'd been to other Catholic church fundraisers (carnivals, bazaars, etc.), and it worked similarly.  The event is held in the church social hall, which is around back on Childs St., and was well-signed.  You go in, give them your order, pay, and then pick it up, with the whole process taking maybe 10 min. max.  The volunteers were very friendly and pretty efficient, despite some of them being older.  The prices have gone up a bit since 2013 (presumably due to the cost of fish), but are still quite reasonable, esp. for the amount of food.

CM and I both ordered the fried fish dinner for take out, which consisted of a fried fish sandwich, coleslaw, fries, and chocolate cake.  Most everything was excellent--the fish was nice and crispy, the roll was high quality and didn't fall apart (my pet peeve with fish sandwiches), the coleslaw was crisp and not soggy, and the cake was moist.  The only item that I was less than impressed with was the fries, which were of the frozen crinkle cut variety, and were soft, lacking a crisp exterior.  Had it been available, I would have ordered mac and cheese instead of fries, but they were out at the time that we visited (5pm).  For our take out orders, they wrapped the fish in foil separately from the roll so that it didn't become soggy in transport.  Our bag also contained ketchup packets, but no mayo or tartar sauce, and no napkins or utensils, which would have been nice to have.

Overall, we were very pleased with the quality of the food, esp. for the price (total check: $20).  While I'm tempted to award a 5 star rating, the non-crispy fries and lack of mac and cheese and utensils and condiments prevent me from doing so.  Nevertheless, this is a great fish fry to check out during Lent if you're able to catch it (no pun intended)!
I can't wait for summer and the beach volleyball courts!
We had Yesnia and she was an excellent waitress. The guys that walked around were not so enthusiastic. The food was good and all the meats were moist.
Affordable produce and fun knickknacks. I stopped by for seaweed snacks but left with fun gifts for the classroom store and an abundance of produce.
Liked: 
- gnocchi was quite good, soft, and flavourful, with big pieces of lamb meat on it
- chickpea fritter was really good-  kinda like a fallafel but more moist

The service here was standard - nothing out of the ordinary. The prices are a bit high for a lunch place but it is reasonable. One of the better restaurants on King st for lunch.
This place was fine.We ate here because it was convenient as we stayed at Rio. It also fit with our fiesta themed bachelorette party.

 Portions are BIG. We order the shrimp and chicken fajitas, el gringo burger, and the borracho platter to share between 5 girls. In hindsight we may have over-ordered. 

Nothing spectacular. Pretty cool that the dining room had a view of the pool area just wish it were more lively for 9pm on a Friday night.... where were all the people???

i should have ordered a drink because after eating my buzz was gone :(
THEY DO MALTS! 

In my world, Malts are GREATER THAN Shakes, so I was pumped to see that option available. Of course you know I ordered a Chocolate Malt with my Burger & Fries (Crinkle Cut action!). Everything tasted really fresh and delicious. The place reminds me more of TrueBurger (Oakland) than In N Out...and they're all good in my book, plus different in their own unique ways. Shake Shack is a little more pricey than In N Out, though, so there's that. But I'd come here again in a heartbeat. 

ALSO: don't let the seemingly long line out the door fool you. They move people through that line real fast. We only waited about 15 minutes before it was our turn to order, and the food came out quickly too. 

I'm a fan.
This places deserves 5 stars! Amazing gourmet burgers with yummy fries! The size of the meals are huge! Def get your value for money. Service cannot be faulted. Recommend!!
I was contacted via Yelp by what appeared to be Dr. Swanson with NOT an apology ,however a letter defending his staff and accusing me of hurting his practice. I told him my review was the TRUTH and I was sure he was unaware of what occurred. I also informed him that I thought he was a good doctor and my review stated that!! 

Furthermore I reminded him that he has our phone number and he could contact us via phone. We never heard from him.

An apology for my husband getting delayed on the surgery calendar after we had seen him for the consultation would have been nice!! That is what I would expect a caring doctor to do!!! You know something like," I'm really sorry about the confusion and delay in care, How is your husband doing now? How is the infection? I'm glad he was treated elsewhere etc.. etc.

Instead what I got was a long winded letter asking me to reconsider my review,PSH!!!

My Review Stands. My Review Is Based On My Experience With This Office!! 

I am a mother and a wife who handles the arrangements when it comes to insurance, booking doctors appointments, checking out physicians that I feel would be best suited for our needs.
I'm truly disappointed with this office I would have expected better.
 
Again, To The Reader it is YOUR choice and this was just MY experience. Thank you
Good place. I have been coming here for years. It's even better now that they expanded and purchased the coffee shop next door (which is now the Pita House bar).

The food is good, the patio and new bar are are set-up well. Service is reasonable and the staff are very friendly. Good solid food at a fair price.

I have yet to try one of the hookahs on their outdoor patio, though I intend to imbibe one of these evenings real soon.
Waited about 50 mins for my togo order. My AVOCADO OMELETTE had 2 or 3 very teeny tiny pieces of avocado in it. It was basically a omelette filled with bacon and it was VERY salty...  I love bacon as much as the next person but If it's called an AVOCADO omelette..I would expect more of the main ingredient.
Honestly the best sandwich I have ever had.  The bread was soft and delish.  I had the Italian and hubby got a turkey.  We both loved our sandwiches!  I am bummed that we found this place on our last day there because I would have gone back.  It was quick take otu service and we were able to eat right there to enjoy the sights.  Mmmmmm wish we had these back home!
been waiting, and waiting, and WAITING to try this place out, yesterday I finally had the chance! 
I was at my limit for coffee for the day, so I figured I would come in to see what option I had, i was a bit taken back by the décor of the café, it was so simple, but it felt absolutely powerful to be standing inside this café, i know it sounds super weird to say that but, i literally felt the power of Odin running through me. i grabbed a menu and checked out my options, settled on a cup of berry tea, this tea was super hot when it came into my hands, and i had nothing but time to kill so i went and grabbed a seat and took the whole atmosphere of the café in. the bathroom situation is a bit odd, its 4 separate stalls shared by a communal hand washing station with faucets that have a single handle really close to the ledge of the wall vanity. when i was able to drink my hot tea, all I could think of was DAMN this is a Damn good cup of tea. 
i was boosted by this fact for the rest of the day, all i could think about was how good my cup of tea was. the place is spotless, extremely well lit, and the staff are super friendly. very very good transit options, and some street parking. 
i cant wait to be in this neighborhood to be reunited with my powerful tea. 
AND a nice little fun fact at the end of the review, the tea bag was not a traditional tea-bag, it was one of those hand made bags complete with a knot at the top. 
very very happy and i cant waiiiiiiiiiit to go back :)
I work right across the square so this is one of the 4 places I eat through the week. 
 I usually do takeout and my food comes out in a reasonable amount of time.  On the rare occasion that I dine in, staff is always quick to my table and attentive.

*To the defense of the employees and their "slow" service because they're not ALL jumping to make your order - not all employees work in all areas, and they will probably get reprimanded for leaving their station. Some days they work different stations.*

Now on to the good stuff!

 Originally I would get the spicy spaghetti and meatballs, minus parmesan plus extra meatballs.  I got this dish at least once a week and it always came out correctly and hot.  The staff is always friendly and never seems to mind my obnoxious orders! 

 However, I recently got a tooth pulled so it's been chicken noodle soup.   Big pieces of chicken, some green things that I don't know because I don't really eat veggies, carrots and hearty noodles! You get two packs of crackers for dipping.  If you get it to go you will need to wait a bit to start because it does come out piping hot! This is definitely my go to soup spot, especially in this weather.
This place is genius in concept!  The menu is coded with every dietary need possible, but you can just order a cheeseburger as well.  This is NOT a Vegan restaurant, although it is often labeled as such.  
It just has a lot of Vegan options.  It also offers options to Paleo Diet followers, which I have never seen before!  Great for those of you following Whole30 as well.  

Lot's of options.  Great for dates or groups.  I will definitely be frequenting this place.  YUM, YUM, YUM.
Think you can't find fresh seafood this side of the Mexican border? Think again! This place has the best ceviche dishes in Arizona. Fresh oysters, octopus, crab meat... Anything you would want to order in Rocky Pointe, you can get right here. 

Complimentary chips and salsa never ends. Ice cold water, soda, beer, and margaritas to quench your thirst on the hottest of lunch breaks. No less than eight authentic hot sauces, ranging from mild to EXTREME, right there on the tab. 

Service is always smiling, even when the little dining area has a wait ten parties deep. As a little blonde gringa, I usually feel self conscious about my obvious lack of Spanish language knowledge. Here, I don't feel embarrassed my poor Spanish or by using the English words. The waiters are always polite and helpful. 

Not to mention, this place gives you plenty of bang for your buck. I dare you to try finishing their large Seven Seas cocktail!
I think this place has the nicest staff in all of Las Vegas. Did they import everyone from the midwest? Because we were greeted, asked about our day, asked what we liked, etc. etc. The pizza was pretty darn good too. We had the white-pie with pesto. It cooked quickly, all while the staff was very engaging. I had NO idea this place existed until I found it here on yelp. If you are looking for a great late-night eat, this is your place. It looks a little sketchy as you take the escalator down stairs off the lobby, but keep going-you're almost there.
This place is awesome!  I've been eating here for 5 years and it is consistently good every time.  The one taller young guy is the friendliest guy you'll meet and gets the order right.  The soups are great, the fried rice dishes are great, and the curry dishes are delicious.  Charlotte needs more restaurants like this one.
Pretty cool place, similar to most other noodle bars, but they have some interesting drink options available. 

In PeachTree Centre, on the side closer to Highway 7, this place is well light, with a good amount of seating. Service was pretty good, with quick servers and good attitude. 

As this is a noodle bar, you essentially get to pick your soup base, type of noodle, 2 ingredients, and a beverage. Other combo options are available, but make sure you are reading everything carefully, as there are many different prices and additions when certain choices are made.

I got the Vietnamese Beef Soup Base with Japanese Ramen noodles, and Beef Balls and Pork. Very tasty, a good size portion, and a nice overall meal. With the inclusion of a drink, I had the Presotea Passionfruit Lime with Aloe Vera. A drink that was more unique and something very different. A nice refreshing beverage to pair with my noodles. 

Overall a nice addition to the plaza and a great place to get some great noodles. With many different options available, you can get something new every time. Definitely worth another visit, but may not get something as pricey next time.
Love my plants and mesquite tree. I'll be back in the spring for more cactus. Great selection of plants and trees. The team that planted my tree were professional and timely. Follow up cannot be beat and customer service on point. Thank you!
These Japanese fluffy cheesecake were super hot in Hong Kong 10 years ago and finally it's arrived in Toronto and now with a cafe! 

Tried the original a few times - fresh & hot & also had it chilled ~~ the strawberry angel hat was so so~~ still fluffy but not much of strawberry flavour 

Lovely environment but NOT BABY FRIENDLY if u have a stroller and need to carry the stroller, baby & diaper bag~~~Don't like how u still have to go upstairs for take out orders when they have a street level bakery~
I went to Il Sogno and the server was drunk (visibly drunk at 7pm), drinking with patrons, talking badly about the kitchen staff to patrons and overcharged me. I didn't confront her about the overcharge because at that point, she was super drunk and I didn't know what the reaction would be.

I usually love the food, the servers and this restaurant in general. There is obvious infighting among the staff and it looked like last night it came to an apex. Not something you want to experience when going out for dinner. 

At one point, patrons were behind the bar serving themselves. I wrote the owner an email about it yesterday so hopefully it can be sorted out. I hope so. It was just weird and chaotic  - I have never have seen it before at a restaurant.

Update: Heard back from owner who apologized and was away that night. Will be improving things. Glad to hear and I will be back in the new year to see the difference!
If I could give negative stars, I would.  I rarely order delivery pizza, and even less from Dominoes.  The last time I ordered from there my pizza was delivered over an hour late and was cold.  That was nearly 6mos ago.  Today I pre-ordered for a specific time.  It came on time but as a cash delivery.  I had ordered with a credit card online.  The delivery man called the store manager and she said it was entered as cash.  Meanwhile, I brought my laptop to the door to show it was entered as credit card, but after hearing the manager speaking about me (he had the speaker phone on) I just shoved the food back to him and said "forget it, you guys just can't get this right."  Perhaps I was rude, but if they want customers they need to up their game.  Had to call my bank to make sure no charges went\/go through seeing as how I entered all my info on their website.
I came here last night for a private group event, so we had apps + margs & sangria.

Honestly, I've had much better Mexican food. This is basically a step up from El Segundo or some other Mexican chain. I tried the bacon wrapped shrimp, chips & guac & salsa, quesadillas, & soft tacos. Also, this used to be the old Diego but it looks like they took down a few walls on the outside to make the space appear more inviting and make it look larger. Diego seemed pretty closed off.

The reason for the 4-stars is because the service and servers were nothing short of awesome. Very personable, always coming around with food and drink refills. Making great rapport with everyone and cracking jokes, making sure our glasses (literally) were never half empty. Service is a huge factor to me when dining out, and this place just killed it. Felicidades!
THE BEST SUSHI IN TOWN!!!!  I love love love this place, and I am a true sushi lover.  From their appetizers to their entrees, all is super fresh and so good.  The tuna avocado-tini to die for, it comes in a martini glass.  The burgushi is amazing...my favorite and the best one in my opinion is the taste explosion roll.  From the fusion rolls, I would recommend the north hills roll....taste so fresh.
Worst Wendy's ever and worst manager Cindy!!! Missing some of my order and all of my food was cold when I got home and I live 5 miles away. I called to Speak to the manger (Cindy) who was very rude!!! Who called me a liar and said she bagged all of my food. I said excuse me and she responded OMG!!!!! I told her I will call her GM Maryann tomorrow.
Wer hätte gedacht, dass sich hinter der wenig einladenden Fassade und Eingang ein Juwel verbirgt. Aus gutem Grund besuchen wir dieses Restaurant öfters, auch sind wir mit den arrangierten Buffets sehr zufrieden. Zum Service: sehr zuvorkommend, stets korrekt und trotzdem entspannt und nicht aufdringlich. Extrem kinderfreundlich, was uns Eltern einen entspannten Abend beschert. Zur Küche: Sehr gutes bodenständiges italienisches Essen, die Speisekarte ist reichhaltig, zudem gibt es immer neue frische Gerichte. Sonderwünsche werden gerne zubereitet. Stets frisch und hochwertig. Zum Publikum: gemischt, nur positiv auffallend.  Zur Atmosphäre: Entspanntes Genießen ist angesagt!
I called ACA at 8:00 pm at night and he still answered and we immediately set up an appointment.  He showed up on time and quickly diagnosed the problem with my washer.  He fixed it in 20 minutes and was out the door.  He was awesome and saved me a bunch of money.  Highly recommend.
Cute and all about the experience but a little over priced. Great for a first date night or a couples date to catch up on what's been goin' on lately. The bruchetta was really yummy, the fondue was a waste of money and the wine was of course awesome. Sitting on the couches and enjoying the live music was another plus and there were board games to play if you wanted to stay a while and hang out .... and spend a ton of money... but definitely was about the experience. Kind of a swanky feel.
Over the years my past and current experience with Basha's pharmacy has been nothing but very outstanding! Their pharmacy staff have always exceeded my expectations with very professional service and they are always pleasant and have addressed my concerns when required and I have not had to wait no more than fifteen minutes for my prescriptions each time presented. Five stars...
I don't mind paying high prices in Vegas for good food, but this is a let down.  Terrible bar food, using no fresh ingredients.  After trying 3 different items there (Ruben, sliders, and cheese steak) it's time to throw in the towel.  I won't go back.  Service was average, but not what you expect in Las Vegas, a city that operates on service.

If this place depended on repeat business they wouldn't make it long.
Came across this great spot on our way to the hookah lounge! I'm glad that we decided to try this place out. Everyone was super friendly and made great recommendations! It's definitely a meal that is meant to eat before a good night of drinking! Worth the price!
Super healthy, organic, fresh food....Absolutely LOVE this location. Really laid back, cozy spot and their patio reminds of a garden. Great infused water selections that are complementary. Only reason why I haven't given it 5 stars is because the customer service isn't the best.... A lot of the young employees do not know the ingredients in the meals and wait for ordering food is always over 30 minutes (even when buying salads). Hope the new location improves on this since its closer to me :)
Waited almost 2 hours in line at Las Vegas.  They had only 4 reps and there is 50+ people in line.  Horrible. Avoid Yhrifty at all costs .
Wir waren an einem Sonntag im Restaurant.


 Leider hat sich das Restaurant als eher mittelmäßig bis schlecht erwiesen. Unser Essen war kalt und fad. Das Tzatziki schmeckte nach gar nichts. Die Kellner waren mürrisch.


 Uns wurden keine Speisekarten gebracht, so hatten wir mit 8 Personen nur 3 Speisekarten!!
Food was disgusting I didnt even eat it and the service was BEYOND horrible. if they fired everyone and hired mcdonalds workers there would be better service.
not the BEST cookies I've had, but for a packaged cookie. YES. really really good and the employee that helped us out was so nice! ( sorry i didn't catch the name), but it was more towards closing time. I know they are famous for the compost cookie, which I wasn't a fan of. it had a very weird acquired taste and I can see why people would like it, but not my type of cookie. I think my favorite had to be the blueberries & cream and confetti. the chocolate on chocolate was good, hint of salt, but too much 'cocoa' for my liking. the marshmallow one was pretty good too! but, it would have to come in 3rd. overall, they were pretty decently fresh tasting for a packaged cookie and to satisfy a craving, or a few. I'm not the one to judge. 

I also wanted to try the soft serve, the employee gave me a legit sample. wasn't just a small serving, it was pretttty  much a large heaping sample. he said 'oops sorry, accidentally overdid it'. hahaha. i'm not complaining. i love samples that aren't on the stingy side. thank you :)
The service was great. The decor is nice. The Shashimi was lacking. I've had better at lower tier restaurants. 

I didn't have tappanyaki, so you can throw the baby out with the bath water.
What a great lunch place. The food is fresh, the wait staff is friendly and you get the deli-experience in a better-than-average dining room.  The daily specials are posted on a chalk board by the door. Alongside all the regular sandwich favorites, Be bold and try something different like goose-liver egg-salad or maybe a kosher weiner. Here's the twist-there's a liquor bar as well-extra brownie points!  I've mentally filed this in place to go when a snowfall hits during rush hour and the inner-belt is impassable. C'mon you downtown office workers-get some lunch grub here for a buck or two less than those other spots on the main drags.
Had the Grande Mix Cocktail, Shrimp wrapped in Bacon, and the famous 7 Sea Soup.

One of the ingredient in the cocktail probably has seen its better days, cause it was unpleasantly fishy and bitter. Shrimp wrapped in Bacon (Shrimp Fantasia) was decent, but I had better at other places. 7 Sea soup was average, thought I think I will like it a lot more if the soup is served warmer than room temperature. 

One last thing, Mexican cuisine usually pairs with tons of lime as garnish and flavoring especially when it comes to seafood. And almost all Mexican restaurants (or taco trucks) i been to seem to shared the talents of picking out the juiciest limes  that's ever grown. Well, not this place. One interesting I encountered today after decades of Mexican food experience was how dry their lime were. Most of them won't even budge one drop of juice for me. Wonder if that would make the difference for the cocktail or the soup?
free parking for locals when you plan a trip downtown all you need to do is get a players card to show the lot attendant on the weekends..!
One of my very favorite places to go!  They have the most amazing jalapeño and cilantro margaritas, the service is phenomenal , and the food is delicious.  Even though I don't want this place to be crowded, I highly recommend you come here. Oh and the bartender Chelsea is BEYOND amazing.  For real.
Came back to see if anything has changed from two years ago. NOpe, nada. This place is still in a sketchy part of town, is still tacky, dumpy and dirty. If you are a guy, still be prepared to pay about $70 the first time and $35 each time after. Women will have to pay about $20 the first time. They want all your personal info for a membership. That membership gets you nothing but a nice big fat fee to get in. Once in, if you are there on a Friday, it's still gonna be about 5 Mexicans, 1 black dude and a couple of white red necks and maybe two white women. The guys still beat off and follow any women who appears she is gonna give any sort of attention. Saturday nights still have more couples, but mostly older, still overweight who dance and show off their even more sagging, tits and flat asses. Naked dudes still  dancing on one of the poles, sliding his ass crack up and down.  Worker chicks are still  tweeked out cranky freaks who need to cover up. The bathrooms are still stinky and have shower curtains for doors, what a low class joke. The rooms are still  cramped and crungy. The sheets are still NOT changed after each use even though they have a girl in back to do just that, she was gone alot. Naked asses and body fluids are still  on the couches and chairs you get to sit on, ew really. The orgy rooms couches are still so disgusting and not protected from body fluids. Outside you are still  provided with cheap plastic chairs to sit on amongst the car fumes in the parking lot. There is still the same damn old, fat cranky loud mouthed Basstird named "Dutch" that brings the whole vibe down outside.  Listen people, my friends and I get more clean and free action at any club or bar in town. Don't waste your time here guys, cause there aren't many single women here and who wants to get it on with an old fat couple or some tweeked out freaks. Just pick'em up at a bar and do it at a cheap motel, it's cleaner and cheaper and still funner.
I am surprised with the mixed reviews of this place..
Was brought here by a friend of mine from Iran who highly recommended this place. Its my second time having Persian and once again not disappointed. 
We had a mixer of all types. everything was excellent and only complaint was lamb was a little salty and service was a little slow bringing us water as we were 5 and they gave us a small bottle and we had to continuously ask for water.
Bret was very professional and did a great job. He completed two vehicles for me and both look great. I would recommend to anyone looking to get windows tinted at a good price.
3 rooms, great views,  outdoor lounge from the top of Mandalay bay. Fun. A slightly older crowd (eg 30\/40ish), but perfect for me.
Good sandwiches and even better prices! Got 2 sandwiches for less than $9! I asked for a recommendation and got the pork Asian sandwich. It was delicious- the flavor was great and loved the bread. My boyfriend got the #11 Asian combination and liked it except for the head cheese on it. Heads up only cash is accepted!
This is the most retarded store ever. 30 plus registers but only 3 are open. So during a slow period when the store is almost empty, expect a  very looong wait to pay. Then theres the fact that they treat all their customers as criminals and even if you just bought a soda and they saw you pay for it, they want to see your receipt. Well not just no, but heck no. So legally there has been an exchage of money for merchandise and both the merchandise and the receipt belong to the paying customer. Theres no obligation to show a receipt at all. And ferl free to say no when asked.
Service was solid.  Food was good - BUT all the meat pastas taste kind of the same.  Pate - awesome!  Octopus - awesome!  Cocktails were tasty.  Only knock is large amount of d-bags in there.  Look left, look right and you'll see a lot of entitled folks that think they're extremely important.  I feel bad for the staff.  Still recommending to people for the food and service.
Wrist Pain Steak
----------------------

My friends and I went there on Nov 10, 2016.  
I've never been to a higher end steakhouse where the steak was actually tough to cut.  I mean, seriously, it was like a crossfit workout for my right forearm

New York Sirloin 14 oz, Grassfed:  C-   Didn't even pass.  I ordered it medium.  To their credit it was prepared "medium" all pink in the middle, but it was TOUGH.  TOUGH.  

Potato Dauphinois:  C+, barely passed.  Nothing like Prime Steakhouse Gratin Dauphinois (NO COMPARISON)

Brussel Sprouts:   A+, this was amazing actually.  The bright spot of the meal.  Those little pancetta and balsamic was heavenly

Service was great.  

But very disappointed with the steak.
impeccably prepared food, Iron-Chef quality presentation.  Nothing too surprising but worth a visit.  Experience was dampened by a person sitting next to me (apparently a visiting chef known to the staff) hitting on me.
Here's what i had:  a few amuses, then spanish mackerel (a bit dry compared to the aji one might get at a sushi bar), dry aged rib carpaccio (very tasty), octopus (ok), pea custard w\/ trout roe (nice variation on chawanmushi), chicken liver tortellini (very good), poached trout (outstanding), pig face salad (very nice), stuffed chicken (a bit salty for me but otherwise excellent), cucumber ice w\/ juniper sorbet (refreshing), another dessert w\/ pineapple
Had lunch at Dressler's the other day - excellent!  Seafood, shrimp & grits was marvelous and the owner and his sister sat and talked with me like I was family - a much appreciated gesture.
Never again.  We used to go here all the time and the food was great but then it was terrible and the service stunk.  So tonite we thought we would try again with ordering a fish fry and guess what IT WAS HORRIBLE.  We ordered take out and the fish pieces, not a whole piece of fish, were about the size of a large steak fry.  No cole slaw which is normally accompanying a fish fry and the fries were soggy and everything was cold.  We called to complain and whoever answered the phone slammed the phone down in my husband's ear.  The new owner was courteous and refunded our money but admitted that they were trying out a new fish.  Our trips to Tailgaters came to an end today so if you do decide to go, good luck.
When I eat a burger, this is my burger of choice. Quality meat and good sauce and juicy burger.  Love the crinkle fries. Love the Shakes.  

Clean place, good location,  friendly people.
Most horrible prices of any bar I've ever been to. This is not New York City, drinks this watered down should not cost this much. It's unjustifiable.

BUT -- IF you go between 8-10 pm on a Saturday, all drinks are 
$2!! So, the bar redeems itself here. 

The music is eh, techno-ish if you're into that. Thursday night is 18+ night so there are the young ones running around and there's more urban music.
They are the best waffles ever! So many varieties to choose from. The people are so nice that work there and they love when you take pics of your waffles to share with friends.
Moe's!!! Stopped here on a Business Trip w\/ some Customers and it could not have gone better! Customers couldn't stop talking about amazing BBQ and great service! The owner Drew stopped by our table and was super friendly. Can't wait to go back! Smoked Wings are a MUST!
Service is wonderful! Easy to get a reservation with the app. We ordered the new Enlightened menu. Dear husband had the Peruvian bowl with chicken and I had the spicy peanut with soba noodles and chicken. The chicken was over cooked in both dishes. Both had great flavor. Mine was not spicy, I added red pepper flakes to kick it up!  And of course we had the Pizookie!
My husband has been a patient at Montecito for a month. When we got here, he was debilitated and weak following a catastrophic illness. Everyone here has been amazing. There were a few hiccups along the way, but everyone went out of their way to ensure Wayne's comfort and safety, and to reassure and comfort me as well. The nurses and CNAs could not be kinder. The therapy department has been awesome. They had a great regimine, were receptive to my requests and addressed my concerns. The dining staff, maintenance, housekeeping and reception personnel have been amazing as well. Management and administration have been incredibly caring and responsive. Thanks to the staff at Montecito, my husband is well on his way to a full recovery!
I'm new to the Las Vegas and Henderson area and bought a used car a few months ago. Being a female I'm really skeptical about going to car repair shops in fear of over pricing and telling me I need unnecessary repairs. However, I was in a desperate situation as my one and only way of transportation started to over heat and Midas was the closest place I could get to. I called beforehand and inquired about prices regarding diagnostic tests and Dan was pleasant and helpful. He mentioned that I should bring the car in at least by 4p since they close at 6p. I got there close to 5p and they gladly were able to get the diagnostic going. In about 10 minutes they let me know what the problem was and  what my options were. Dan quoted me for a portion of the service and I agreed since I couldn't afford the whole repair. It got to about 615p and the issue still wasn't resolved. I didn't know what was going on but Dan made sure that things were taken care of. Him and his mechanic did several tests and even drove it out a few times up and down the street to see if the problem was fixed. At 730p Dan finally came to let me know that the car was done and that he had his mechanic fix an additional problem free of charge. I am so thankful that Dan and mechanic were able to resolve the issue, go the extra mile to fix another problem and on top of that stayed well past closing time. I will definitely go back to see them to get the rest of my repairs. They truly saved the day!!
Everything about the portions and the friendliness is great. Last time I went to eat breakfast the pancakes were so rubbery I couldn't cut them, I sent them back they bring me new ones less than a minute and they are the same. I think they make them and then microwave them which make them rubbery and terrible to eat. I know this is a huge restaurant and maybe will take too long to make pancakes for everyone, but quality is a must.
Michaels is addicting! I mean, it's only a craft store to some, but to me, it's the maker of dreams for my home and my office. Love going here and the one in Chagrin seems far larger than the rest- to me at least. The fact that they have weekly coupons that takes most things down 40% is the bonus for me. Love it and highly suggest.
This is Roberto's there are many like this but this is mine!!! I have been to so many Roberto's and yea their menu are the same but this is by far the best!! They make you feel welcomed but just order eat and leave but I get a lush from the humor and hospitality!! I like that they tweak the order if I ask like half chicken half carneasada chimichanga!! Don't like how small inside but I'm guessing it's one of the old ones. Only downfall is the bad area of the city it's in connected to a PT's. Wouldn't recommend late night visit!! But if the suns out see if it's better than your local Roberto's!!!
This place is a joke and a disgrace to summerlin!
I had the blackened fish tacos and they were mostly filled with the slaw and a very small piece of cold fish... zero flavor! Not to mention, who the hell wants French fries with tacos!!!??? Chips and salsa should be automatic... the fries were cold and undercooked! Not to mention someone there is obviously afraid of salt! Ridiculous
Ok. So.... Being a Latina and living in AZ all my life, I know some good Mexican food when I see it\/eat it. This place USED to taste good a few years ago, Well not so much of good food this time from My husband and I's experience. I ordered a bean and cheese burrito wet, aka enchilada style. First off, I don't think the cashier understood too well, however, she was polite and seemed like she did, anyway, didn't get it wet when my order was served,  but they fixed it at "no charge". Long story short, my beans didn't have any flavor and didn't taste "fresh", the enchilada sauce tasted as if it was from a can, my husbands fish tacos were soggy, no flavor, and chewy (batter). The red and green Chili\/salsa was good though...I had to pour it on my food to give it flavor. Overall I felt it was a waste of money. Very disappointed :-(
I realized recently that it's an easy bike to this MEC up Querbes, in other words way more accessible then I thought. Which could be dangerous, but so far I'm super pleased with this discovery. I love MEC. I love that you can rent gear here, that the staff leave you alone if you want to spend an hour staring at backpacks but will help you assess rock climbing equipment options endlessly as well if you need them too. If the St Denis one is closer to you, you can order stuff from the main one and have it delivered to the other store. It has 2 big floors with camping, biking, climbing, canoe and kayak gear and clothes and shoes for outdoors. It's well lit, has lots of options in different price ranges, there is no time limit on returns or exchanges: big fan.
I bought my 1st brand new built home and I ordered blinds from Bob he was VERY helpful and gave me all the information I would need.  Very helpful, it was the best! Thank you very much!
Ling, Is just Amazing.. She will guide you through and enable you to do the best in your life. Highly recommended.
rcus Circus. What to say? About 20 years ago, I think this was one of the finest hotels throughout Las Vegas. It is nicely decorated, good casino, although it is far down on the Strip.
Today, it is not as nice. It is worn, smell Christmas in the corridors of a non-nice way. When we checked in we had to wait in line for almost 30 minutes, which is crazy. We paid for a continental breakfast. Breakfast?! What you may choose to include milk, coffee, juice or a bottle of water. Then a croissant, muffin or danish. Finally, an apple or a banana. The bananas are almost always the end, one is allergic to apples, there is no one to do. If you want a cup of tea instead of coffee will cost you $ 4. The queues for breakfast is miles long.
Not even the staff is especially nice. They stand behind the counter and just looks bored. You get no information about the hotel, about where the breakfast is, where the pool is located, or you can pay $ 9.95 to receive a coupon booklet with a lot of discounts.
Must commend the hotel room. It is great, sofa, fridge, big giant comfy bed and free Wi-Fi.
Despite the nice hotel room is not the hotel worth more than 1 star.
Big craving for falafel and we stopped in to try this place out. Not very busy for dinner time, greeted quickly and asked if we'd been before, so the wait staff suggested we look over the menu first and then place our order. 

We got an order of falafel, it comes with eight pieces and hummus. Very crispy and good! I also got a wrap, pomegranate chicken. It was pretty moist, served with lettuce, cuccumbers, tomatoes, onions, basmati rice, feta cheese, I got the yogurt dill sauce with a side greek salad, very good. 

Big portions, fresh, friendly service, a good meal.
Amazing iPhone repair!! Great deal on repair and I only had to wait 10 minutes!!! Back to brand new. Thank you!! A+++ Definitely recommend!!
We tasted these amazing treats at a Cowboy night at Silverleaf.  We could not wait to see where they came from, so we drove to Gilbert to see the store.  Wow!  It was worth the drive.  It's an adorable store, with wonderful, helpful employees.  The shop offers unique and delicious marshmallow taste treats!  So much fun to create your own S'Mores.  We left with bags of packaged Mallow Pies (which we tried on the way home---oh my!  YUMMY) and bought some boxes of marshmallows in various flavors to give as gifts.

We know this little shop is going to find new places to open all over the valley and we wouldn't be surprised if they go nationwide!  

Can't wait to try S'MORE of their home-made delights soon!
one of my favorite coffee shops in Pittsburgh
lot of space ,nice interior 
good music 
Delicious coffe and sweets.
definitely
Always great food! Always packed, reminds me of good 'ole Furrs days! You'll remember that place if you've been in Vegas long enough! 

Valentina is my favorite server here, she's sooo attentive & sweet!
I went to this palace and paid $20 and tip them $5 when I got the receipt i even gave extra $5 more so total of $30, 50% tip. when I was checking my credit card I saw they charge me $35 . I was nice enough to tip 50% more and they do this to me. Please be careful at this palace and make sure to look at your bank statement. I didn't have any problem at their service, I just didn't think it's right to take more money from me. So Please be alert. $5 is 5 you can imagine if how many people they take extra $5.
$6.00 for a draft beer that wasn't even the size of a regular bottle of beer?!?!?!

I am not going to go into details but 5 of us were here today for lunch and this was one of the worst places in Arizona that I have ever been for Mexican food.  The food quality is poor, the "summer menu" was limited in choices, the street tacos were nothing to write home about.  The white "cheese" on the nachos tasted like paste.  I was thrown back when the bill arrived and after a 20% tip, we blew $80.00 here and there was NO WAY this place was worth an $80.00 lunch.

DO NOT GO HERE FOR THE FOOD!!!!!!
Not bad.  It does get rid of two cravings.  Flat bread and hotdogs.  lol  Service was great and it seems they do a lot for the community.
Nice and attentive staffs

The first revolving belt sushi in Las Vegas! The quality of the fish is decent and the price is cheaper than a lot of a-la-carte places in town. no where in Vegas can you find one piece of toro for just $2.5. CHEAP!

The ramen however is a little salty
- 13 ppl at one table & 1 server
- there was only 1 other table there
- server dropped pork belly on my friends hat. then put it on the grill. & didnt even say sorry, just laughed. He took forever to bring out our food too. meat came out one by one.
- The sides were limited, not much variety
- meat was okay. Nothing worth coming back for
This is like an old-fashioned variety store my Mom used to call the 5 and 10, and it even has a fabric department with a nice supply of basic sewing notions. Stores like this are becoming rarer these days and are a nice break from the big chains to come in and browse.
This place is great! Dark and intimate, my girls got our cocktails on. Delicious! Gorgeous! Love the way the menu laid out the flavors and rated it according to how strong the drink would be. 

Bartenders here are talented, and the cocktails lovely, at quite a reasonable price, too.

Definitely would come back here when I get the chance.

---

Missing a star because the waitress was quite aggressive with the bill\/her tips. We avoided her and often ordered straight from the bar since she was scary. The bartender, a guy with glasses, was awesome!

Guy at the door was also nice, and tried to sit us as efficiently as possible.
Garbage. ...portions are small. Taste is is like whatever. Over priced. Came here only because "someone" had to come here just because of who owns it. Marketing at its best smh.
Great customer service! They got me in quick and the tinting didnt take long at all! I highly recommend! Will use them again!
Awesome place! Many black belts with huge background, including the sensei owner of the dojo. They treat you like a family member, making practicing there very pleasant.
The entire store is unaware of what the official Target coupon policy is. Then if you pull up the coupon policy and show them that they are wrong, the manager will double down on her incorrect stance and tell you you don't know what you're talking about.
I know Pacini mainly for their unlimited bread bar,  where you can grill your own slices of toast with different buttery spreads like garlic, tomato or pesto. I hadn't been to this chain in almost ten years and I'm glad that hasn't changed. However there has been some significant renovations. I believe all Pacini restaurants have undergone the makeover, more booths, comfy sofas and a very elegant, classy vibe.
 
This St Jerome location is charming, located in an old building near the river, it reminds me of being in the Old Port of Montreal or old Quebec City. 

This is a great place to be on a date, have an intimate party or just relax, their terrace is also huge and the environment is peaceful. Don't come here so much for the food. The portions are on the smaller side, and the sauces really plain. I had the Alfredo which tasted like cream, but without parmesan, I had to add so much salt. My bf had the tomato sauce pasta and that was equally lacking in flavor. 
The Pacini brand has opted for a new menu that is a lot more health conscious, as one can read about on their website. On the main page you will see the face of their nutritionist spokesperson. They have cut out all transfat, lots of salt and any unnecessary additives. Unfortunately that has been the cut back in taste. Perhaps their more expensive dishes such as veal, duck risotto or steaks would be more appealing. 

They used to serve free soup or salad- that has been eliminated, even their trademarked chocolate covered cherries at the end of the meal have disappeared. 

Nice place to hang out, come here if you love the unlimited bread like I do, it's so fresh and actually better than the main dishes. You can get a cheap lunch option for less than 12$, then it becomes worth it.

Btw, they have a good birthday discount. The percentage of discount you get is equivalent to your age! I can picture lots of old folks coming and getting an almost free meal of their choice.
Hands down the best delivery we have found in this area. Sometimes it takes closer to an hour and a half to deliver. That tells you how awesome they are. Never had a bad pie from these guys!
i am totally not surprised this place gets low stars. the service is atrocious. 
i pushed my friends together and decided to drag them out on a tuesday night. they weren't too keen on the idea of grabbing a beer, but i convinced them

all three of us were out of town-ers. 
two from california, one from utah. 

the bartender told me that they didn't accept vertical ID's. I told her it was clearly a real ID (the new CA ID's are impossible to counterfeit). I had multiple credit cards, and even a medical insurance as well as car insurance  card to prove that I was indeed the person on the ID card. Bartender said no, I said let me speak to the manager. 

the manager took his time getting over to us, i watched him from behind the bar. i remember his name to be deshawn, but i could be wrong. 
i explained to him that i was from out of town, had my credit cards, my insurance card and my medical insurance card. it was clear I was sober and not looking to create a fuss, just was trying to have a beer. instead of making the manager decision that it was totally appropriate to serve me, he tells me he will need to "call the hire ups". AS IF I WANT TO WASTE ANYMORE TIME WAITING AROUND TO FIND OUT IF I WAS APPROVED. so i left. went to the nearest bar, next door had a great time there. the manager on duty who was also the bouncer informed me that he wasn't allowed to accept vertical ID's, but since i was clearly sober and very clearly the person on the ID that stated i was 2-fricking-3 years old, there would be no issue.

I had a wonderful time at the bar next door, i believe it was called the handle bar. don't waste your time with incompetent managers who can't make decisions for the facility themselves. please. that is your job, to manage and make decisions when your boss isn't around, not so you can take your time calling someone for a question you can clearly handle yourself. 


to the manager - i told you i would be writing a yelp review, and i think it's pretty atrocious that you don't seem to care about what people say publicly about your business. you could have been much more apathetic or apologetic, instead you made my friends and I upset and lost money.
My wife and I had an excellent dinner at Marrakesh tonight. The Moroccan soup was hot and very tasty. The lamb couscous was very flavorful. The price was more than reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food. We had a lovely chat with the owner. We will definitely be back.
It's McDonald's so expectations aren't too high. Food is what you expect but service and accuracy suffer. Food order is seldom right and they've "lost" my order twice. I continue to go for convience but find myself frustrated every time.  Dining area is dirty so eating in isn't an option for us. Would love to get some adults working there to manage the kids and get the store running smoothly.
First time here. Loved it. Food was great and Jamie was genuinely interested in giving me a great experience. I'll be back for sure.
HORRIBLE! I still have several prepaid coupons for washes, I'm going to give those away. My wife has a monthly pass, when finished, she's done. They do a sloppy, half assed, unprofessional, horrible job. We're going to TNT from now on.
Fantastic service.  I feel so bad we let our kitchen and baths get so messy, I was almost embarrassed to have someone come clean, but with a one year old baby we just don't have the time.  She was right on time and cleaned every nook and cranny you can think of, and even some you wouldn't think of.  I felt like she easily worked much harder than the quoted price warranted so I was sure to give a generous tip, she deserved every cent (even more, really).  Thank you for such great service!
Worst Admiral's Club I've seen. Almost non-existent signage to find the club in the first place. If you do find it, you'll be greeted with gruff and poor service, limited & cramped seating, tiny restrooms, very poor selections of food for purchase, thimble-sized pours for drinks, no choice in snack foods (there were only cookies when I was there), and non-standard wifi login. Boo.
I'm basing this off my love of pineapple buns. 

Meaning...I've never had anything else from there store other then their pineapple buns.

Their plain pineapple buns are $0.60 
Their filled pineapple buns buns ....either custard, red bean, or coconut filled ...is $0.80 

Really, what can you buy in a downtown bakery for 60-80 cents?   Really no much...at least none that i can think of.   Most singular bun items were all priced at the $0.80 mark.  

Their pineapple buns are baked throughout the day, usually only a couple hours old, and sometimes you can get them still warm out of the oven.   My favourite is the coconut filled one....tastes like a  coconut milk bun filling.  YUMMY!     They are large...bigger then the size of my palm ...and eats like a breakfast (or lunch).   

I generally come in to just buy a bun if I walk by and have enough change in my pocket.  

This is the closest Chinese bakery within walking distance to me....and I'm really glad it's around.   

So yeah...when in doubt or hungry, get a pineapple bun from here.
Quick, easy, and friendly service! I left my office to get two keys made and was back in seven minutes! $3.80 for both and they even came with a key chain. We should all try to support local businesses when we can.
Great Indian restaurant in South Charlotte, located in The Fountains.  

Tuesday is the Dosa (Indian taco) buffet.
Nice restaurant great people great food but they need to get organized 
To much help just doing nothing while customers are not being taken care of slow or busy no excuse to not take care of your customers 
Keep in mine without customers you will not be in business 
Customer service is so important and I think they lack this 
Customer service starts with management and it seems they lack experience management 
Hopefully they can get it together
Sandy did my hair and boy can I say it stayed!  She listened to my daily routine and my needs for easy styling and color. When she was done it was exactly what I wanted!  She kept my quirky great patch for me and the color remained well into my next visit!  Sandy is always so attentive to what I need and always has great advice for my hair desires and needs.  I know that I can sit in her chair and say, "you know what I like" and the end result is NEVER wrong!
Very small shop with a limited variety of items, however the items they do carry are outstanding.  Nice selection of cold cuts, loved the jerky.  They have a brown bag special that while it doesnt blow you out of the water is satisfying.   They have a sampler platter but you have to ask what the items are because there is no description.
They have a good range of papers, pads, organizes, pens, portfolios.. you really can't go wrong if you want stationery. Their prices are also very good, a pen I was looking at here was $41 CAD but at Midoco was selling for $62!!

Just because it's in Yorkville it doesn't mean it has jacked up prices.

I am only taking ONE star off because while I find the staff knowledgeable, I find them a bit brusque on the phone (but not in person). I am asking questions over the phone because I either can't make it in easily (it's out of my way), or I want to be sure I am not wasting my time, so they should really think about that when they answer the phone.

I get that you can't really understand a ton about pens or papers over the phone, but I wasn't on the phone for more than 2 minutes before I was told to come in-person to see the pens and the paper... albeit rather brusquely.

Still it is a great place to find pens of all kinds, notepads, papers and things of quality that are NOT made in China.
Service department pretends well, but does not serve.  Service rep disappeared when time to explain diagnosis.  Waited the entire fallowing day for a 'call ya right back'...  When ensured of discount for over-pricing, that apparently was not true.  Seemed nice enough, but Bill did not perform when it mattered.
Pleasant atmosphere, hit & miss food & service.  Hit- octopus carpaccio, yellowtail w salsa.  Miss- shrimp cocktail - the grocery store serves better.  

Service took a nosedive after our appetizers.  Over an hour after we ordered, we still hadn't received our entree.  We reminded the waitress every 20 minutes or so, and were assured that the sushi was on its way, but no.  This was early on a weeknight, not overly busy.  Really wanted to like this place but won't be coming back.
This is a beautiful restaurant in a gorgeous resort.  It's very open, airy with lots of windows.  On the south side you can look out at camelback mountain.  It's not noisy. There's a nice patio for cool weather. The brioche is really tasty,  they serve that instead of bread.  Steak is really tasty and prepared a proper medium, not overcooked.  Sides wee good, potatoes au gratin was great, good creamed spinach, not too heavy.  Loved the apple pie for dessert and the cappuccino was excellent, don't know why so many places struggle with that.  In a town with lots of great steakhouses, this is one of the best
A MUST DO when in the Toronto area! As you can see in other reviews, our tour guide was extremely knowledgeable about her sweets and the town in which we walked. She gave us tour of Chinatown, Kensington Market and places in between which included an Asian bakery, Middle Eastern eatery, total vegan bake shop and a Mexican stop. She was extremely professional, courteous and well-spoken. The treats were plentiful and the diverse stops made the tour worth every penny. Would highly recommend you try them out~ !
We love the Abbot!  All the staff are awesome and food is always consistent. If you late looking for the perfect local pub stop you found it.
Great service, super sweet lady (owner). Ordered hummus, gyros and beef shawarma, possibly the best in town!!!!!!!  Go here........now!!!!!
I'm from Philly and was in Pittsburgh about ten years ago.  The bartender across the street at Primanti's wouldn't serve me.  All I wanted was a sandwich and a beer.

Anyway, I walked over to Joe Mama's and ate the best stuffed pork chop I ever had in my life.  The young waitress was attractive, friendly, and good at her job.  Highly recommend this place.
More and more items continue to be expired. I read that each store has a bit of autonomy when it comes to ordering products, etc. I highly recommend that management and upper management steps in before the Health Department does. I started driving 25 minutes to the Green Valley location.
good staff and great food. The cajun fries and shrimp are my fav!
Brisket sandwiches are the best. The people their are so polite and always willing to help. I go there for all my meats.
The layout of the showrooms are spaced out and have more items on the floor than the Etobicoke location. The food is presented WAY better than Etobicoke as well. Yes, it's busy but it's less hectic with a better thought out floor plan which is a big plus for me.
Avoid this company like the plague. When my opener failed to work, I called this company and they initially told me that a sensor was set improperly. After shelling out $150 for their tune-up and parts (which they ALSO blamed for the problem), the door seemed to be fixed.

OR SO I THOUGHT...

The next morning the door did not work AGAIN. I called for a service once again. The repair tech stared at the device (literally) and immediately claimed that the motor was shot. Now that is tantamount to an auto mechanic looking at a hood of a car and telling me that the engine was blown! The technician could not articulate how or why the motor was blown so I offered to purchase a new opener and they could install it. They refused. This company would only install their OWN materials, and at a substantial increase in price-They claimed that Home Depot equipment was garbage even though at my prior house, my Home Depot purchased opener lasted the 10 years I lived there.

Ultimately, I saw through their scheme and was not about to be fooled again. I called another company and they told me that the motor was fine. All it had was a blown circuit panel which cost $80.00 as opposed to the $480 that A Always wanted to charge me for a new system.

This company gouges customers, has incompetent technicians, and cannot be trusted. Try Smokey's Garage door. I was referred to them and they did OUTSTANDING work at a fraction of the cost.
I stopped in here with some friends one evening.  I didn't have anything so this review is based off the environment and the atmosphere.

It is a nice rustic feel throughout.  The shop is cozy, well decorated, and clean.  The staff was helpful in giving my friend directions, explaining the menu, and giving menu descriptions as well.  

I didn't really see a lot of pastries that looked good, but perhaps it rotates.  I would definitely come in and try the coffee sometime.  Just my quick visit kept me intrigued.
Growlers is a solid NoDa spot. The ambience is really cool. Someone mentioned their awesome door! If you haven't seen it, make sure to check it out. Pop in for their awesome beer selection and stay for some food. Their food menu isn't super extensive but all goes well with beer. I mean, they are a Pourhouse!

Pros: 
+ The serve POUTINE (a.k.a Gravy Fries), which is surprisingly difficult to find down south. It's served with covered with gravy, cheese curds, and bacon. They definitely don't suck. 
+ Cask conditioned beers! Another hard thing to find in Charlotte. Some think of them as "warm" beers, which isn't totally false. Cask conditioned beers are served warmer (closer to 45 degrees) but its to keep the beer alive!

Cons:
- Limited seating. The space isn't that big and tables are hard to come by on Friday and Saturday nights. 
- Parking sucks. Not really their fault, but it makes it difficult to access during peak times. I can usually find parking in the neighborhood or at the YMCA. 
- Service can be inconsistent when it gets crazy busy. Be patient. These people are working their butts of for you!
I tried SushiSamba because of one of the kids friendly restaurants in Las Vegas, but it was a huge mistake. Here is the worst place to have dinner with my child. They have a kids menu. That's it.  
Our server, Alice gave us pretty bad services.  We visited there before 6PM and they weren't busy at all. We placed some orders but she didn't bring my child's dish at all.  After 30 minutes my child almost cried and we called Alice.  Then we found out that she hadn't ordered it.  10 minutes later we got kids beef skewers. but they were so bloody.  I had to return it to recook.  My child started crying finally.  We ordered Mochi Ice ream for my child's dessert and she repeated "Mochi-icecream without any candy flakes, all right."  Worse, we got tons of candy flakes on them at the end. It was unacceptable. 
I used to work as a waitress, so I understand sometimes it happens.  But not too many mistakes for one table.  It's clear she should have paid more attention to us after making mistakes.  At least, we wanted to finish our dinner better because the restaurant is kids friendly.  Did I expect too much? I don't think so. I mean if they care.  

I contacted managements later, and they emailed me to give us $200 credit we spent at that time on our next visit after mailing that I live in LA :(   We just wasted our money and they ruined our day.  It was the only one day I saw my child crying at dinner.
Came here for my birthday burger. Horrible service. Someone dropped off my burger and fries and nobody ever came back to ask how my food was or offer me more fries. Good thing it was a free birthday burger, I wouldn't have been happy if I had to pay $12 for that. Want a real burger in this town? Head over to New York Flavor. You get a better burger for a better price.
Enjoyed a special event at Unknown where they invited local NC breweries & out of town NC breweries to compete in a "Strange Brews" competition with unusual flavors. My favorite strange brew from this event was an "American as ..." which I voted as the best overall.  Awesome event with live music, food truck A bao time and cheerful people!

On the regular beer list I like their Ginger Wheat seasonal beer for clean notes of ginger and easy drinking flavor.
If you're ever in Vegas but don't really care about staying in one of the more famous hotels, this is a great option if you have a car.

Location is a wee bit far as it's about 5-10 minutes N of the Strip, but the rates during long weekends are very reasonable at around $100 a night, for 3 of us.

I've stayed at a few Springhills in different cities, and this one is quite consistent in terms of decor and feel. Nice fluffy beds, and clean washrooms (weird layout though).  Beautiful.  Another nice touch is that the alarm clocks have built in iPhone (30-pin) charging, and you can play your music through the speakers as well.

As mentioned by others, this location was quite new (built in 2012), so everything is nice and shiny.

There is continental breakfast available.  The food is quite decent, but the breakfast sausages are definitely on the ghetto side.  However, one can't complain when it's free.  You can also get bacon, eggs, cereal, juices, and yogurt.

Springhill is fast becoming one of my favourite hotel chains.  Recommended.
I love this location, staff is very nice I been in this location for about 12 years now doctors are also great. There are times that they are busy but today it looks like we are in and out in this office
We just had Bill Hopkins clean all the carpet in our home, and are extremely happy with the result!  They use the best equipment, very professional, and carpets look like new!  We recommend them and plan to have them clean all our tile and grout in the near future.
Food quality is good, service is fine. Just make sure you go 30 minutes before lunch\/dinner rush hours, otherwise you will be stuck in lineup for over 45 minutes. The place is pretty neat, a nice cozy restaurant for your out-of-town friends.
I should have just stayed at a motel 6. Sooo many negatives I don't even know where to start . First they charged my card an additional 150 plus another 75$. They do not inform you of this when you check out. The Valets name was Dick which fit his personality perfectly, and was extremely rude and told me to move my car because there was other people behind me but I was just checking in and getting my bags out so we can take it upstairs. This is a pet friendly hotel, which is cool, but the first room they gave us smelled of feces and bleach. It was unbearable. My friend who was staying there at the same time, opened up her pull out couch and out crawled a black bug.  Also the parking is horrible. 
The only thing positive was the pool and the pool staff. They were really fast with the drinks and very friendly.  
I'll take my business elsewhere like talking stick or Az grand , where the customers actually matter. Step your game up Pointe Hilton .
Mike good and friendly customer service I recommend them highly if you lost your car key they will help, good and decent prices, if I had another problem in the future I will use their service again.
Greeted right when you walk in! :) Nice ambiance, and really cute treats. I tried the crisp and toffee bark which were amazing! It wasnt too sweet which I like. And the toffee pieces were delicioussss! They got holiday treats for the time of season too and regular candy other than chocolate. A must try and def coming back!
Beautiful venue for a wedding! Everything was perfect and I'm so excited to have been a bridesmaid for my good friends wedding. One thing that wasn't great: Tony should probably learn to change his language when talking to women. I am not honey, sweetheart, or a girl. The men were not referred to as boys so why are we referred to as girls? Ladies is more appropriate. I would prefer 'dude' to the others mentioned above. I realize it's probably a generational thing but in effort to be more professional he should be called out and educated. Otherwise, he and the staff was great!
Definitely the BEST cupcakes around especially the cookies and cream ones but they are all AMAZING!!!
Horrible company to deal with. They scam you on fees and their technicians are not very knowledgable. Would not recommend to anyone. Gave one star only because yelp makes me.

I find it funny that they comment saying that it is not typical service yet EVERYONE I have talked to about our experience with them has advised me that they have heard nothing but bad things about this company. We should have asked around before we called them, our mistake. Yes we received a PARTIAL refund after many many days, emails, calls and complaints to finally get them to cooperate and they still did not provide us with an itemized receipt like we asked for showing the parts prices. We still feel we were never reimbursed for the full amount that we should have been under our home warranty. A neighbor I have spoken to that used them as well had nothing good to say either. I think I need to also add now that their technician that came to our house had to call someone to ask what he should be doing and then broke our AC completely (it was working but making a loud noise) which was in the middle of the summer and he told us he would have to come back the next day to fix it (he couldn't get the part that night, maybe because he showed up much later than our appointment block) and left us with no AC. Our home got up to 98 degrees that evening and we had to move us and our dogs out of the home until it was fixed the next afternoon.

I would not be so direct with my review if the company would have tried to make this right but from the late and seemingly inexperienced technician, leaving us with no AC and having to move out for the night and then the hassle with getting reimbursed under our warranty, it has rubbed me the wrong way. Instead of just saying that this is not typical service maybe they should have tried to make a bad experience good and I would have updated my review.
In diesem Preissegment das beste Preis-\/Leistungsverhältnis:
Die Zimmer sind sehr modern und stylish eingerichtet, toller Duschbereich und auf jedem Zimmer ein Flachbildschirm mit DVD-Einschub und einem flackernden "offenen Kamin" (auf dem Fernsehbildschirm) zur Begrüßung. Dies vermittelt ein wohlig-angenehmes "Willkommen zu Hause"-Gefühl.
Der Service ist in Motel One-Hotels eigentlich immer sehr passabel.
Das Frühstücksbuffet ist einfach aber ausreichend von der Breite des Angebotes her. Hier erwarte ich kein Rührei mit Speck... ;-)
Great atmosphere and friendly service.  Neighborhood hangout is frequented by many.  Food has always been great quality - the artichoke sandwich is my favorite.  Definitely a fun place to eat that is not run-of-the-mill chain restaurant.
Exzellentes chinesisches Restaurant! Das Essen ist von hoher Qualität, die Zutaten sind immer superfrisch. Hier kann man auch mal Fisch essen, ohne vor einer Vergiftung Angst haben zu müssen, wie in so manch anderem asiatischen Restaurant.


 Die Bedienung ist sehr aufmerksam und fix. Die Einrichtung ist so, wie man sie in einem chinesischen Restaurant erwartet (Jadeschiff und Fischbecken), aber etwas großzügiger über den großen Saal verteilt.
A bit less great than the reviews make it out to be, but quite decent. I had some meat sticks, rice, lentil and spinach curry. By the time I had a mango lassi, i was up to 6 pds, so it didn't seem all that cheap either. It seems more Pakistani than Indian. 
I also think the use of disposable food utensils is unfortunate, especially in a restaurant associated with a mosque, or any religious community. Please get on board with reducing trash. That's a concern for any faith community.
Hôtel d'un bon rapport qualité prix avec malgré tout quelques inconvénients. 
Les chambres sont spacieuses mais dans l'aile ou nous étions, nous entendions énormément les bruits de pas,  globalement il est mal isolé phoniquement. La climatisation est efficace mais fait aussi énormément de bruit,  les gens sensibles du sommeil devront s'en passer. 
Les lits sont assez petits mais confortables, la kitchenette est pratique, mais pas de micro-ondes, c'est dommage. 
Le petit truc en moins quand on arrive,  c'est les frais de "resort" qu'on vous facture 26$ par jour,  ce qui correspond à l'accès à la piscine et au fitness, donc faites attention en réservant. 
Sinon la piscine est sympa,  pas surpeuplée et le jacuzzi agréable. 
Tout est très propre. 
Accueil moyennement aimable.
Welp! I lost my elite badge but I guess that's what happens when life stops. Well. Life stopped because I am having a baby! Now while I hate annoying people with all the joys of expecting, I have to give props to this store.  It was the only place I could find the ginger suckers when I was suffering from morning sickness. They have a lot of awesome stuff there though. I plan on getting my cloth diaper sprayer there, some cloth diapers, creams and butters (can't tell you what parts those go on ;)  )
If you are looking for a eco friendly baby place for infant-kid needs this is your place. The staff (mom and daughter) are extremely nice and informative!
Not big on burgers but my boyfriend loves them so we had to stop by! He loved his breakfast burger and said it's in his top favorite burgers of all time. I got the chicken sandwich and it was very smokey and unique tasting I really liked that.. Now I'm not a huge fan of the big sandwiches you can barely fit in your mouth but this place was pretty good! Sandwiches are also pretty messy which I'm not a fan of but hey for being the "messy, can't for in your mouth" kinda place it was good!
A sorry excuse for a hospital.  This place also says negative things to a married gay couple.  In the ER & then find out I would probably be seen by a doctor.  A Physicians Assistant comes in & starts diagnosing without listening to lungs, no temperature taken, no blood pressure, a lot of crap.  This was a good hospital 30 years ago - now it is bad & no one cares.  You ask to see the Adrminustrator & they send a nurse.

I was asked for my social security number by 3 different people - the whole time i was sitting directly next to people I didn't know.  No privacy at all for confidential information.

I also was told that if you are not about to die you can be here for 5-9 hours before seeing a medical professional 

Beware of this place
I walked in and no one knew which table to give me when it wasn't even busy...
I ordered the spaghetti & meatball. This is the first Scaddbush I've been to.
Food arrived quickly which I was pleased about. However, I wasn't a fan of the meatball.. very wet and almost like baby-foodish. Not cute.

I would come back but definitely not for the spaghetti... I just got very nauseous after eating it.
DEEP FRIED PICKLES! OH EM GEE! YES!  ANDDDD after midnight there's couple of beers on tap for ONLY FIVE DOLLARS! YES AGAIN! This is my go-to-bar after I'm done a closing shift across the street. Friendly service, deep fried pickles and beer... Always hits the right spot!
I love Chicago deep dish. However I ordered the calamari, the hand tossed thin crust and the tiramisu and cannoli- the service was exceptional. The manager came by and chatted with us for awhile and the atmosphere is relaxed and fun! Enjoyable.
Ok size room, was welcomed by the staff and introduced to the lounge for guests. Very nice here, free drinks and snacks. The staff are informative and suggest other amenities. I will be back.
First time getting my hair bleached and coloured at a salon. I chose Kamiya because I'd seen a lot of great reviews and photos on Yelp, and I was looking for a stylist familiar with Asian hair. 

Tetsuo was my stylist. It took two visits: one for the cut and first round of bleach+toning, another for the second round of bleach and colour. 

I adored the haircut (a cute pixie cut with shaved sides) but the colour wasn't at all what I'd hoped for: I wanted a purple fading to light lavender, but received a magenta that faded to a grey-purple. Thankfully, Tetsuo was really considerate of my complaint and gave me a discount off the price. The total was $260. It was the most I'd ever spent on hair but I suppose that's the price of bleaching your hair from black to platinum+cut+colour+wash. 

Although this wasn't the hair I'd hoped for, I'm still happy with the cut. Tetsuo is a great guy, with almost a decade's experience styling hair - I definitely recommend him as a stylist.
Best part was the shakes. Burgers were average and pretty dry. Shoestring fries were okay but not great. Seasoning salt at the table definitely helped. Don't think I'll go back again. Left disappointed with my meal after hearing good things about this place.
I found my way to this office when I took advantage of a Groupon offer for a deep cleaning. I've been back three times since so I can speak from at least some experience. No, Dr. Turner is not the most outgoing dentist I've ever had but neither is he rude or short. Kind of a strictly-business guy, and I guess that's not all bad. As for me, however, I've decided to find another dentist in Mesa where I feel like my business is at least valued. I'm sure Turner's a capable dentist, but visiting his office always leaves me cold.
Didn't feel like having tacos and a previous bad experience with humble pie, I opted for this place.


Service: The lady at the counter was pleasant and quick. Off to a good start plus roasted veg sandwich with pesto, goat cheese and romesco sauce in a wheat toast sounds soooo good! 

My food was taking a little long hmmm ok. Saw some toast sitting on the toaster and thought --- wow those looks awfully burnt. 

Got my food. Fries and the sandwich -- no bag? Ok I'll ask for it. Here you go with the guy grumbling I gotta go home. A little unprofessional don't you think? 

Fries are good but would've liked them more crispy. Opened up my sandwich only to find that burnt toast I was eyeing. I ended up deconstructing the sandwich bec the burn toast overpowered the taste. Got the goat cheese taste-- nothing special. The grilled veggies? No taste at all. Very bland! Yuck! Ended up throwing most of the sandwich away. Off to my connecting flight.
After frequenting other businesses in the same shopping plaza for quite some time, the boyfriend and I finally made a stop at Pig's Meow and I am so glad we did because it is such an awesome place. There were all kinds of games at the bar and old school game systems and a mini tv at each table which is beyond cool and made for an extremely entertaining visit. They have an absurdly large list of beers and wines to choose from and the bartenders will happily talk you through your selection and offer recommendations. We had already eaten dinner the night we went, but I would love to go back and try a $5 grilled cheese!
I used to work at a manufacturing company right on Trans-Canada (beside the IKEA). There was nothing around for food if you had no car. And when you did have a car, you had just enough time to go to Place Vertu's food court -- Miam, the options!

Anytime we had a good day, my boss Nana would yell dirty soup. I was new there and had no idea what dirty soup was but it didn't sound appetizing by any means.

Well, dirty soup was Pho. And dirty, not because of the colour of the broth nor the cleanliness of the place, but the fact that the soup would often stain my boss's designer dresses from all the splashes.

It's good. The name is hilarious and their logo has the Eifel tour. Such an ironic image for the Vietnamese to pay homage to their colonisers. Regardless, it's a great spot for your dirty soup cravings.

Bonus: They serve iced tea when you come in which is nice.
Service was seriously on point. Amazingly friendly staff. As soon as I removed my chopsticks from the wrapper, someone removed the trash from the table. Everything came out perfectly and fast. Fish was fresh as can be, flavors were more unique then I've encountered. Every dish was a pleasant surprise. Wish I had photos, but we ate everything too fast! Can't wait to come back...like in an hour ;)
I support local artists and small businesses. I told all my vegan friends sbout this place as soon as I read about it. 
 
I finally went with friends this Sunday to check it out. We stood for 15 min waiting for a table. The restaurant seemed to be very understaffed, as they only had one waitress and they were out of many things on the menu.

When we finally did get to order, they seemed to be out of things so I said that I'd take a waffle or pancake just to try anything. We received comolimentary chips and salsa since we were waiting so long,
At this point we were starving and couldnt take it anymore! After being there almost 2 hours we left.

I can't say anything for the food, but I hope that Chef Myra gets more staff to help the prep work, and more waitresses. Best time to go seems to be the weekdays.
Prices are not bad. Reasonable & delicious!! Just wish they had some more options for toppings & better service! The employees were not enthusiastic at all.
My husband and I rode our motorcycles there yesterday and found ALL valet parking. Hmmm... The décor is eclectic and the old wall safe in the bathroom is so cool. My husband had the onion burger and I had the pork chili verde. The fries were AMAZING and he loved the burger but the green chili pork was greasy and tasted average. Not much green chili flavor. I had two eggs on top that were cooked to a rubber consistency. The service was below average as we were forgotten frequently and left with empty water and pop glasses.  The tables are very close together and you can hear other people's conversations. We will try it again but make sure we have time to sit and wait for service.
Walked in at 4pm without an appointment and they instantly got to work. I had a hair wash, a beard trim, and a haircut. The stylist was friendly but concentrated more on doing a great job than chatting. The result was one of my favourite hair cuts ever, incorporating a nice transition from my head to my beard. The stylist applied oil to my beard and some kind of product to my hair and blow dried everything. I was extremely satisfied and tipped very well. The teamwork was excellent, as one person washed my hair as the stylist finished up with another client. I will definitely be returning.
Breakfast Club is a staple in every trip I make out to Scottsdale. I've tried a lot of different things on the menu and I've never been disappointed. Their portions are big, their prices are not bad for a trendy brunch restaurant, and their staff is friendly. 

A few of my favorites: 
*The Bird omelet: I don't get the cheese or mushrooms, you don't need it since the avocado makes it really creamy 
*Turkey Benedict: a fun twist, and their turkey is like Thanksgiving turkey...delicious 
*Jalapeno Biscuits & Sausage Gravy: a little kick and ends up solidifying in your stomach...in a good way 
*Breakfast Burrito: PLEASE try it with the chorizo queso on top...it might have changed my life 
*Bagel & Lox: really fresh and just the right amount of salty 

Things I don't love (and there are just a few): 
*The wait can be a biatch, especially if it's really hot outside (there are only so many shaded areas to stand) 
*The coffee bar is nice because you don't have to wait until seated to get a caffeine fix, however the wait is long, the space is cramped, and it's pricey 
*Their Potatoes O'Brien are delicious but have way more bell peppers than actual potatoes, and it's a pretty small serving 
*The crowd can be a bit obnoxious, but it's part of the fun of the whole experience...it's fun to judge others over a yummy brunch
Went there last night with my daughter.  WHOA!  This place is fabulous!  Ask for Jordon as your server.  He's very knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.  I had the two corn tacos with tilapia.  Yummm!  Just the right amount of fish and veggies, and the flavoring couldn't be any better.  My daughter had the curry rice with grilled chicken.  Very large serving -- took most of it home to enjoy today.  (I think I'll eat it while she's gone.)  It had the right mix of spices and the chicken was grilled to perfection.  We also tried the chips and salsa.  Jordon said the salsa is spicy hot but could be toned down.  Since we both like hot, we said no to that suggestion.  He wasn't kidding!  It is hot!   I put it on my tacos, and it added just the right kick.
With anticipation of a dog at the famous Pink's, I was disappointed. Remembering my experience at Pink's n Los Angeles, this store was not the same. My Pastrami Dog was topped with the driest shavings of meat. Perhaps if I got it with kraut, it would have been an improvement. Yet, I give it three stars since I dined outside with a view of The Strip.
My friend and I were taking a leisurely stroll on The Boardwalk at The Beaches when the midday sun made it too hot for comfort. We walked over to the Martin Goodman trail, which parallels The Boardwalk, to avoid the heat.

It's a lovely, winding trail shaded by trees. The bad thing is that the trail is also popular with many bikers, so you have to share the path. Beach on one side, parks and eateries on the other: what's not to love?
Paid a decent rate $79 for a suite each night over the weekend, but after the kids swam in the pool and in the hot tub over the weekend, they all got sick with 'Hot Tub Rash'.  Tried to contact the hotel management and they would not call me back after multiple attempts.  Continental breakfast was good, but avoid the pool!
Helena is not only a remarkable seamstress but is a loving, passionate and creative soul! She made my bridesmaid dress alteration quick,easy (for me :), and really affordable. I cant wait to post a photo of my dress on my best friends big day. Thank you Helena :) you are wonderful!
I lived at Altera Highland for almost five years. It had a couple different holding companies during that time and there were some noticeable ups and downs.

That said, it's pretty good right now and the renovated units are very nicely done. The maintenance people are really good and respond to requests fast. The property management folks, especially Liz, the property manager, are very easy to work with and pleasant when you have to go pick up packages and whatnot.

I took a half a star off because there were a ton of nails littering the property left over from the reroofing that was done over the summer, but that's not necessarily the management's fault as much as their contractor. I also took another half a star off because I had a neighbor who fed birds and cats (pretty humane and nice to do) but then the birds shit all over everything and the cats tore the birds open, all in front of my 'stoop.' That was pretty gnarly. I don't know what the management folks would have done about that (hey, you there, stop feeding the birds), but it's something I had to experience.

All in all, now that the roofing is done and the unit a prospective lessor would move into is renovated, it's a good place to consider if you like the area and the rent fits your budget.
I needed a new a\/c unit installed because I didn't want to sink anymore money into my old unit. I chose the "multi stage" unit and had it installed today. The unit is very quiet, Chris installed it in one day as promised and he cleaned up as he said he would. Honestly, I couldn't be more satisfied!
I don't know what happened. Maybe I caught them on a bad day. Maybe I just have higher standards.
As soon as I got there, I felt that I was rushed to order. This was my first time there and didn't get much chance to look at the menu before my order was taken so fast that I didn't have a chance to add anything else on. When I got to the cashier I was able to add on the other items I wanted but with a lot of attitude from the girl at the register.
The food came pretty quickly, which was nice, and the sandwich was really good. The tomato soup, however, was really the worst I've had anywhere with very stale tasting croutons.
Not too bad of a place to eat, but the staff definitely need to work on their attitude and customer service. (That being said, I seem to run into a lot of this in Vegas. Maybe it's just the customary atmosphere...)
If you get a chance, I would highly recommend Panera Bread instead.
What a nice place. 

Spread out over a hillside in the desert, Sanctuary Resort is just that: sanctuary. The resort has nature all around - hummingbirds, flowering everything, road runners, jack rabbits and more - really beautiful. 

The rooms are exceptional. My suite included a private deck with mountain views, big shower with slate tile and double shower head, four poster bed and flat screed TV. In the main room - fireplace (not necessary for my mid-July nightly lows around 95F), dining room table and big L-couch in front of the 50 in. flat screen.

Down the hill is Elements bar and restaurant with great views and exceptional service. The restaurant overlooks the spa pool. And there, during the day when temperatures are around 110 degrees, there is plenty of lemon water, fresh towels and floaties. One can't help but relax and dream. 

My days were a mix of business and pleasure so I didn't check out the spa proper (or the lap pool or the work-out center for that matter). I did find space plenty of opportunity to shed some stress however.

Notes:
+ One of the huge pluses is that the resort is less than a mile from Echo Canyon Parkway (the trail head that has a parking lot for Camelback Mountain trail). I did manage to hike part of Camel Back on this trip which is good. But it is not so good that I did not get to the top due to time constraints. I've hiked Camelback many times and it is a must do for any visit to Phoenix.

+ I really did not mind the heat - in fact I sort of like it. But this is the off season for Arizona and that translates to huge value in hotels and resorts. 

- The pool area has a no cell phone policy - which is fantastic! What is not so fantastic is the moron who completely ignored it yesterday even after being asked by the staff to cease or move. So while I was relaxing I got to hear his entire conversation with Donna: He's from the east coast - in Phoenix for a few days to see the office there and is thinking bout relocating. Then he's off to Toronto next week on business and dreams of living in San Diego some day - blah blah blah.  Hey cell phone guy - learn some manners.

But even that one small diversion didn't manage to pull me up and out of my stress shredding objective. Overall 5 stars for a sanctuary in the desert.
The closest you can get to good home cooking without wearing pajamas to the table. Simple menu, super ingredients, friendly service. 

Home made corned beef hash with freshly shaved corned beef is the ONLY thing I have ordered because I love it so much. Perfectly seasoned with *gooshy* poached eggs just the way I like 'em. 

I bring fellow diners in order to try their plates. Every one a home run: corned beef & swiss omelette (see the corned beef theme?), pancakes, potatoes, waffles. 

Full disclosure: This is not a fast food restaurant. And I've never tried the coffee.
Apparently this place opened a week ago, and boy am I happy it did. Roywoods Ossington shares proprietorship with Roywoods on Fort York, but apparently not its kitchen. The vibes here are also super different. I've never been to the Fort York location, but from pictures I gather it feels like a cafeteria. 

Not their Ossington location. With their new spot, they've managed to blend in with the young, night-loving neighbourhood while standing out in a pretty conspicuous way: light strings adorn the ceiling, making the place noticeable to pedestrians. 

I came here on a Thursday. NAV and The Weeknd blasted through speakers as I ordered Jerk Wings ($10) and a New York Sour (Bulleit Bourbon, lemon juice, simple syrup, and red wine - $13). The woman working the bar was super friendly and happy to talk a bit about the place and menu. She explained that the New York Sour skipped egg whites for vegans' sake. 

If you're a vegan, this may be a great place to drink. The bourbon\/wine combination was unusual and worked surprisingly well, with the tartness of the lemon complimenting the earthiness of the rest of the drink. 

As far as food, I can only speak to the wings. I've thought about cutting meat out of my diet for a while, but food like this makes it tough. The wings were hands-down the juiciest, meatiest wings I've had in ages. These aren't your average over-fried pub wings. The jerk rub is great. It could use more heat, and would be nice if there was even more of it to really show off the flavour. 

If the cocktail was a bit expensive, the wings were perfectly priced. Would highly recommend them to anyone. Overall, I'm very happy this place opened up. It's open until 11:00 p.m everyday (according to my Google search), so will definitely make it my new late-night eats spot.
Totally a fan of burgers that don't need condiments.  Even though they serve frozen French fries.
This was my first time trying out the place. It was packed, and the wait was about 25 mins. Well worth it though. The food was good, the portions huge, and our waitress was awesome. One thing that did irk my boyfriend and I was how the host was talking to other employees. The man, whom I would have to assume is some type of management, was getting frustrated and it was easily noticeable. He mentioned to customers how employees weren't listening to him, and spoke to an employee in a rather rude manner. It made us feel uncomfortable. He should be more aware of his surroundings.
I had a calzone (or stromboli) - I don't know the difference delivered by Postmates.

Quality was excellent!   You can tell they use higher end products than most pizza places.

I for sure recommend.
date night plus 10$ off coupon brought us to pasta cucina at sunset station :) there was a little bit of a wait but we had some business in the casino anyway! once we made it to our table we had very nice waitress who was very accommodating. we had looked at website beforehand so we knew what we wanted right away.(beware menu on sunset website has wrong prices) we were given bread stix with 2 dipping sauce (very good). for our order we had calamari for appetizer very good except needed a lot of additional flavor IE lemon and salt. for our entrees I had chicken and artichoke pasta. my man had the shrimp and lobster ravioli. came with Cesar salad. my pasta was cooked perfect just al dente enough was very lemony but i didn't mind that. ravioli came was chewy and delicious! we are planning to go back next time we have coupon! gonna try pizza next!
Wolfey's is delicious and was a very welcome discovery for me! Usually I avoid Desert Ridge but for Wolfey's I'll brave it!
I bought my first BMW from Leland and must say it was the best car buying experience ever, everyone at the dealership was very professional and attentive. I had my windows tinted there too and the service    Dept was also 
awesome. When my green slip arrived a few weeks later I received the same great service and decided to buy a sun shade from the parts dept, they were out of stock but he found one at Sahara and I picked that up later, great experience all the way around plus I love the car!
I found this place driving by and saw a banner boasting having the best NY Pizza in Phoenix. I've been looking for that for a while. I could not help but swing in and try. The Pizza was real NY Pizza!! There was the right flavor, look, greasiness, and when you took that first bite the cheese had that great string from mouth to pizza. The staff was friendly. It was great fun watching the guy making the pizza spinning the dough over his head. And he had no hesitation to talk with me about his pizza and the restaurant. If you ever want to have a slice of NY, look no further. They also have a location on 44 ST. and Bell Rd.
Great Burgers!  Taste like you grilled them yourself in the back yard.  Friendly staff and your food is never made before you order!

YUMMMMMMM
Hi :) I just delivered twin boys via csection at magees on Friday and I just wanted to post something about my experience there for anyone considering magees for there delivery. I've seen a lot of people post about how it's a"baby factory" or that they have had bad experiences there and I just wanna say that my experience was amazing. EVERYONE from my obgyn, Dr Woo, to the anastisiologists, the nurses in the OR, and the staff in the mother and baby wing...were all so so amazing. I'm so glad I delivered at magees. These are our first children and I was very nervous. They made me feel comfortable in every way and treated my children, husband, and I amazing. The staff in the mother and baby wing were so great and extremely well educated... They taught us so much in the short 4 day stay We were there. I was in a lot of pain from the csection and they kept a very close eye on me the whole time and always made sure I was comfortable and not in too much pain... I just felt like they really, really cared. By the time we went home We felt completely confident in our ability to handle taking care of our twins on our own also and any insecurities or nervousness We had, had completely melted away. We really felt like they cared about us and our babies and we almost didn't wanna leave! Hahaha! It really was a greAt experience. :)
Their pizza is average, maybe slightly above, but they have a good take out special. Their sandwiches are WAY overpriced for what you get. Who doesn't bake their Italian sub??? The only thing warmed was the bun. It was only an 8" bun and was $9.89! About $3 more than it should've been. In fact most all of their menu items are ridiculously overpriced for the quality. The meats were good and the bun was good, but the dressing was very cheap golden Italian. Won't order a sub here again but would keep getting their pizza.
I had a strawberry cream puff and it was stale. It tasted like it had been sitting in the case for about 12 hours, which I'm guessing it had. I was very disappointed.
After a highly memorable meal to commemorate Kay's mother's 50th birthday, we headed here to dance as per her wishes. 

We never found a dance floor.

Instead, we saw rows and rows of arcade machines designed for gambling- addicted adults with names like Witches Riches, Land of the Titans, Cashman,  and Mystical Phoenix, all of them offering variations on the simple, stupid theme of matching up rolling symbols. 

20-somethings and senior citizens alike could be observed staring blindly, soullessly at the contraptions, pressing buttons, feeding these glittering boxes while smoking or drinking complimentary fountain beverages. 

Sullen cocktail waitresses of all shapes and sizes passed us hurriedly in revealing outfits as we took in our surroundings. 

I even saw a co-worker of mine, one who...plays hooky quite a bit. I called to him, but the casino obviously had him under a spell.

Bass pounded relentlessly amidst a din of clatter.

"It's like this 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year," I said to myself.

Kay handed me a 20 dollar bill.

"We might as well," she told me, caving in to temptation.

The 20 dollar bill was gone in 10 minutes.

I felt sick. I needed to leave. I needed to escape that which swallows Social Security checks and cons the poor and working class into thinking that financial security is a roll of the dice away. 

"But...we might win. We can't stop now," I overheard a woman say to her companion.

There has to be a better, less sleazy way to bring revenue into Pittsburgh.
Sprouts is my favorite market to shop at! They are a great company who have a very friendly staff in their stores as well as their corporate office. They are also very involved with the community and with local farmers and businesses!

The prices for all the fresh and natural groceries they carry are the most reasonable out of all the grocery stores I have been too! The Vitamin Department has everything you could ever look for to help your well being and they are always extravaganzas in the stores so you are always getting the most out of your money, and in times like these I know people are very appreciative of that since groceries are becoming more and more expensive everyday, or so it seems!

I most definitely recommend anyone to shop at Sprouts!
Yeah like most people on here who have written bad reviews about this place my complaint is with the method of operation of the door staff.  These guys are a very special and unique group who all seem to be sharing the same brain. Unfortunately, the night we attempted to enter the most glamorous bar on mill, the brain must have gone to some other dude because the guy we spoke to clearly was not "it" that night.


What it comes down to is these guys really enjoy flexing their exclusionary muscle whenever they want. If they don't want you in that bar they will find a reason. (Checkout some of the other negative reviews). 

See one member of our party made the mistake of wearing high top shoes that night, and the door staff feels more gang members wear high top shoes compared to low top shoes. None of the 5 other bars we visited that night gave two $%&T's about the type of shoe he was wearing probably because it is a bunch of  made up nonsense. Plus with that small army of police marching up and down mill all night, is gang activity really a problem?

These guys also don't understand the situations that such BS can create. That night the only Hispanic member of our group was wearing the sinister high tops and therefore was not allowed entrance while us white boys were allowed in. Regardless of the door staff's justification the "dress code" creates these type of situations and it's going to piss people off. The only response we got was "why don't you cry about it some more".  These belittling type of comments only make a bad situation worse. With an obviously racially biased dress code you would think a better explanation would be ready to go. The dress code has the effect of disproportionately excluding minority patrons relative to white patrons, but apparently it's a blast if you get in.
Went to this place right after Germany's victory in the World Cup final and the atmosphere was amazing! There were many people yelling "DEUTSCHLAND, DEUTSCHLAND" while sipping on beer and eating sausages. Tried the Flying Monkey IPA and it was great. Overall, great vibe.
The staff is quite patient and accommodating here. My two sisters spent close to an hour debating on which sunglasses to get. They were so helpful in helping them pick out different designs and colors.

The selection here is pretty good too. It includes brands from Polaroid to Ray Ban to Chanel. Grab them when there is a sale going on!
Really enjoy this claim jumper. Had earned a reward on my Landry's Club and took my wife out. One of the nice things is the varied menu. Almost too many choices. Even a vegetarian menu. I had their cake and steak which comes with asparagus but also included a salad and another side. I had the grilled veggies which were great. The steak and cake were good also. Not a huge serving but very filling. My wife had the filet which was good also. One caution is their desserts. They are huge. You should plan on sharing one so choose something you will both like. If you choose the 3 pound chocolate cake, it can feed 4. Leave room the desserts are all yummy. Most are kinda of sweet. So a few extra calories to burn off. 
Great place for families or a date. Enjoyable.
The server who I'm assuming is the owner was super nice and on point with everything. Fast, clean, and good customer service. My boyfriend and I got their chicken spring rolls, chicken pad Thai, and tried their roasted duck. Everything was great! I normally don't like duck, but I tried it and was pretty good. My boyfriend demolished it!! Definitely recommend this place.
I would give them 5 stars if we hadn't been treated so poorly on our last visit.  We've stayed here before; it's a good hotel at a fair price in a city of over-priced hotel rooms.  It is clean, smoke-free and the location isn't bad--close to the Strip but far enough away that it's quiet.  

Now, the reason  I'm only giving it two stars.  On our last visit we were given a room that doubles as a meeting room.  It was a large room with a very large, handicapped accessible bathroom.  So far so good.  But...the queen bed was a Murphy bed.  There was no headboard, just 2 feet of open space between the back of the bed and the wall.  There was no way anyone could sit in bed and watch the flat screen tv or read in bed. The rest of the room consisted of a loooong conference table--at  least 15 feet--and one straight-back chair.  No comfy chair in which to sit and read or watch tv.  Then there was the mattress.  When my husband and I turned on for the night, I found it impossible to sleep because I kept rolling into the center of the bed--and into my husband--and I had to try to sleep on the outside frame.  I have a bad back and faced a 6 hour drive the next day on very little sleep and a lot of pain. This was one of the worst nights I've ever spent in a hotel, equivalent to the worst fleabag hotel you can imagine.  The next morning when I complained the staff response was, "Did you contact the front desk last night?"  Of course not!  It would have meant getting dressed, re-packing everything, moving to another room, then unpacking and getting ready for bed again, all in the middle of the night.  We never should have been put into that room to begin with; no one should ever be put into that room.  The hotel was far from bring booked at capacity; that room wasn't needed.  i expected better from the Doubletree, a hotel chain woth which i've always been satisfied.  Even the cookie couldn't make up for this disaster.
4\/5! Great thai food (but rather unhealthy). I recommend the beef khai soi noodles and grilled chicken wings. If you enjoy deep fried food, then try the crispy fish with sweet & tangy tamarind reduction. For the drinkers, I highly recommend the lychee vodka slushie or the raspberry\/lemongrass cocktail.
RIP OFF and bad service. $65 later and they sent me out the door without even fixing my hair. I have NEVER been to a hair salon that doesn't dry and style your hair after you've paid an arm and a leg for a service.  Horrible.
I like this type of place exists in east valley suburbia.  But I wasn't impressed, especially being an Upward concept.  This was my first time visiting.  Food was good, overpriced for the demographic  and offerings in my option, but a nice selection of options no less.  The service on the other hand, terrible.  We had to continually ask for drinks until we took matters into our own hands and went to the bar directly.  This shouldn't be the case when you're seated in the dining area.  Waiter didn't follow up when the food arrived, and a side of salsa that was requested when the order went in, took asking 4 times!  

I will drive the extra mile to visit other Upward concepts, but wouldn't patron this place again based on the service experience, or really, lack there of.
Love TLC Pet Sitting! Rachel has been taking care of Jasmine for 4 years now and we couldn't be happier. It's such a relief to know that someone is checking in on our kitty while we're away. Rachel always leaves a note even letting us know what Jasmine was up to even when she mostly sleeps the whole time. It's also go to know that someone is looking after the house. Everyone at TLC is so nice and you can really tell that they are animal lovers. Pet sitting is a perfect "alternative to boarding" and I wouldn't have it any other way.
In an unlucky turn of events, I ended up having a grand experience with my new favorite, Grimaldi's. 

More of my reviews lately have began with me aimed for one place and ending up at another, and I'll start with "this one isn't any different." Maybe it's a trend, maybe it's indecisive decision making, or maybe it's just plain old coincidence. Mostly because I don't believe in fate; I'll go with coincidence, but for those of you who mystify the universe in a shroud of hocus pocus, wizardry, and magic then feel free to call it fate.

While I make the claim of "My New Favorite" I'm not really comparing it to much outside of oreganos, humble pie, upper crust, and streets of new york. I've yet to visit bianco, cibo, and plenty other wild-west, pizza slingers round these parts.

Earlier this week I planed my birthday lunch at Cibo in Downtown PHX. A calorie and carb packed, delicious birthday meal. Much to my dismay, a quick pre-lunch look at the Cibo menu (on their website), seemed to be lacking a certain sauce and cheese covered, carbo loaded delight. After a call in confirming this fear, a fast yelping finger pointed me to Grimaldi's in Scottsdale. It didn't hurt that they had also sent me a voucher for free birthday pizza; I guess my wife signed me up for their email list. :-)

On Sunday afternoon; even though they were busily serving plenty of customers, there was no wait. I placed an order with the server for a manhattan while I checked out their menu. Regretfully I had to send my drink back, it tasted more like straight whiskey, and bottom shelf at that. I decided to go with the house red wine in stead; which was decent and chilled, a bit odd for a red, but it worked out well.

We dined on a large meatball, ricotta pizza and a large mediterranean salad. The salad was huge, big enough for 3 people to share, and each end up with 2 portions. The pizza came out with a perfectly crisped crust, evenly distributed slices or meatball and ricotta, and was delicious!

We finished off our meal sharing a blueberry cheese cake AND a canolie, it was my birthday after all. I cant say that I've had many canolies in my life, but if they're all this good, there will be an eternal place in my heart set aside for these delectible deserts.

Happy dining friends, and godspeed to all your yelping fingers!
i hadnt eaten at olive garden for a long time at least 10 years and i ate at one in cali...but anyways i had sat on this gift card for a long time and finally decided to use it...i give one star for my fiances food and two stars for the great service but have to knock one off for how sick i got after eating there. But our waitress was fantastic.
Awesome, awesome Tiki bar!

I was visiting from Chicago and my friends had been talking up Porco all weekend. We finally went on Saturday night and I have to say it exceeded all expectations.
Staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. While waiting for a table we grabbed one of the standing ones and proceeded to take our name off the list, but they still came around later and offered a sit down table. Our server gave great drink suggestions to our group and had a stellar sense of humor. The hodgepodge collection of tiki stuff decorating the place really added to the experience too.

I don't really remember all the drinks I ordered but I can tell you I did get the Zombie. 5+ ounces of rum and it was still delicious. Almost ordered another one but then my sensibilities kicked in. Or my friends were leaving. Whichever.

Forget LeBron, Porco's should be the #1 attraction in Cleveland.
I Love the food at Manuel's I always start off with some Great Appetizers like the Mexican Pizza and I order a side of Guacamole Dip, it's almost a meal by itself but I always save room for the Sour Cream Enchiladas and I always have there Great Margaritas. The bar is a great place to sit because they always have sports on the many large TV's  
 Gary N
Glendale AZ
We ordered the 2 piece meal for both of us, it was terrible! The leg looked like a baby chicken part and the thigh was actually the back. Plus we got charged a dollar extra for going thru the drive??. Never coming back.
My absolute favourite pizza place in Toronto! The owners may seem terse at first but if you come enough they really soften. Now every time I come the owner brings out fresh chilis because he knows how much I love them.
Qdoba is one step up from a drive-through, but it's definitely worth the couple extra dollars. Not too spendy, good food that doesn't make you sick, unique flavor. What more can you ask for in a "make your own" burrito bar. Plus, the drink machine they have is pretty awesome! So many different soda flavors, I'd go back just to get an unique soda. 

Obviously, not the greatest food in the world. But good enough to curve a good burrito craving.
The food is not good. 
I ordered from here based on the reviews on another site. I would not order this again the food tastes old and is super Greasy I ordered chicken pizza. It's mostly fatty and flat out didn't taste good.  97% of this meal will go in the trash. 
Guess Oscar the grouch will be getting free lunch on me.
Pub classique avec ses bières & sa bouffe. Intérieur sympa. Prix & service ok. Pinte en fût 7.80$ (bière importée) Bacon cheeseburger 15$. Belle ambiance le vendredi soir, rempli à craquer. Si vous êtes dans le coin de Griffintown et que vous voulez boire\/manger dans un pub sympa, ça pourrait être un bon choix. Ouvert depuis juin 2015. Wifi gratuit. Terrasse extérieure en été. 

4\/5 visité en mars 2016
Tim and Martell were great!!! Friendly, fast, and professional!! Carpets look great!! Would definitely recommend Heavens Best!!!
Very authentic, Insane variety of foods. It is not easy to decipher their menu though it has gotten better over the years. The menu posted on the wall is only in Chinese so you'll either have to bring someone who is fluent or read through the english menus provided on the side. Write your own order ticket and they charge you a "table cleaning fee" instead of tipping which is fine. My main gripe about this place is it is uber expensive by Chinese food standards. No dish is under $10 from what I remember. All proteins start at ~$14-15 a dish and the nicer protein dishes clock in at ~$20. And if you're like me and like to order one dish a person to share family style then you're looking at possibly 20+ bill after tax. Great place to try a variety of things if you can afford it and everything I've tried is tasty. But I'd personally rather pay half-60% of the price for food that's almost as good in many other chinese places around town.
Tonight was our first Heist experience. Love the ambiance. Someone mentioned in an earlier review that there's a plenty of space. Seems like they've consciously decided to keep it roomy, which I appreciate.  The food? Surprisingly good for a brewery and served in modest portions. At first, I wondered if I was going to leave hungry, but that wasn't the case. The bruschetta flatbread I ordered was the perfect size (well, that and the tastes I took of a tablemate's rosemary infused tater tots). As we waited for our food, we enjoyed the red beer. As we drank, we noted some tasty plates passing us on the way to other tables and found ourselves remarking, "Hey, where was THAT on the menu?" Needless to say, we are coming back to try those other items, as we enjoyed the first choices very much.
Good happy hr love the bartenders and staff. Food is good jalapeño poppers and wings my favorite. Great place to watch football happy hr is good and they have daily specials. 

Just heard they are closing sold the building.
Hmm. I didn't find it as deadly as Steven G. But it wasn't anything that I would ever talk about. They had a lot to choose from. Nothing really stood out. Accept for the pink flamingo's out by the pool. But they weren't on the menu!
Someone brought a box of baked goods to our office today.  Really, really great tasting donuts.  I had about 5 of them and wanted more.  Cookies looked great, but they were all eaten before I had a chance to get one.  Will definitely check out their shop when I'm in Uptown Charlotte for some reason.
Went there for a vacation with my family and it was amazing! I got a great price for a huge room with 3 beds for my whole family. the room service was great at all the people there were super nice. They also gave us free breakfast for one of the days and $20 to start playing at the casino. Overall was a great first experience at Las Vegas Nevada.
My wife, son and I have been going to Casey Jones now for quite some time, however this most recent time we went the quality of everything kinda seemed to jump off a steep cliff.   We went in with some friends the other night and ordered some of their newest burger the "Juicy Lucy", after ordering them medium, we were rewarded with two burgers that not only seemed to be bleeding but the cheese the oozed out of them reminded me of a horror flick where the guy gets stabbed and his guts just pour out.   After taking the burgers back to the kitchen and being assured the would be taken care of, the burgers deffinately came back cooked... almost with a propane torch, talk about hockey pucks! and to top it off we didn't even get cheese in the new burgers making them not so.. Juicy ya know.   Where as before I would have preached this place to others, I can honestly say we won't be making a return trip until they get a better cook in the kitchen, didn't think it was possible to botch a burger, let alone four! this place has astounded me in the wrong direction =\/
Good food, good vibe and great location (you can actually find parking!).  

Even though they expanded at the back, it's still a little small so if you're going on a weekend, you should try to get there early otherwise you'll be left standing. The food is quite good and not over-priced. My favorite is the fish & chips - very tasty and those homemade fries..... Mmmm HMM!  They have a small terrace as well, which is great in summer - if you can get a spot out there. Bonus? The wait staff is outfitted in kilts. Yes ladies, even the men. Whether or not they wear their kilts 'traditionally' is a whole other story ;-)

They usually have live music on Saturday nights, though if you're sitting in the corner booth or right at the front, you might find it  a little loud. 

Lastly, they serve a mean breakfast!
A very classy chill place to stay in Vegas.  Just off the strip so it's quiet and relaxing.  I wish the pool were a little bigger\/flashier.  The drinks in the bar here are not cheap.  Go somewhere else to drink & come here to sleep.
THE BEST BBQ I've ever had in all the Southwest over the past 19 years on the road!! Most delicious tender brisket...incredible. Get some!!
I won't go into depth on how great the Chocolate was you all know how that is so just enjoy this personal story on how great the employees are that work here: 

My friends came out here last month for vacation and his wife was at least 4 months pregnant and I was very impressed that she walked around the entire week with us and never complained once about being tired. 

We were walking around when she mentioned that she had a craving for Chocolate covered blueberries and Raspberries.  I've never heard of those but I know better than to argue with a pregnant woman and food cravings so when I saw this store I stopped in and asked if I could pay extra for them to dip some blueberries and Raspberries in to Chocolate for a pregnant lady with cravings. 

I'm sorry I forgot your name but you are by far the nicest person in the world as she instant stopped making the chocolate dish she was working on and personally hand dipped the berries for me and even made a chocolate layered basket for them to rest in. When she was done I offered her a large tip on top of paying for the masterpiece she made us. She refused the tip saying she respected any woman crazy enough to visit Vegas during the hottest part of the year during one of the hottest summers on record.
Locke Library is a fairly standard mid-sized Toronto Public Library branch, but I'll always have a soft spot for it because I grew up nearby.  A facelift in the 90s updated it, and it has a lovely spot on Alexander Muir park with a playground nearby.  

I don't know the collections intimately, because these days I mostly use it to pick up my holds (and that is a five-star system, holy god), but it's a lovely spot to sit down and read for an afternoon, and I recall it having a great selection of kids' books.
It's a hip happening place!   Friendly and fast service.   Yummy beverages.   Plastic cups are  not only recyclable but also compostable.  Busy when I visited.
I've had these a few times.  They sure are great. Even better fresh than a day old (had them at work). The cake part is beyond good. Soo moist. My only problem is the frosting is all cream cheese based. Ick!!
Kidd did a great job on my first tattoo.  Made me feel super comfortable and relaxed.  I love it, and there has been none of the "tattoo horror" stories that I have heard coming in.  Now I am deciding what I will have him do next.   Also, worked with the piercing person (sorry, don't have his name) but he was really helpful and I am going to call him to work on my upper ear piercing that I have been having issues with.  I would recommend Club Tattoo to anyone, especially first timers that are nervous about the whole process.
I was so excited about a seafood buffet in Vegas.  It was for my birthday dinner.  I was so disappointed.  The quality of the food was so poor, crab legs were dry and over cooked and we got there at 4.  It wss like being served leftovers.   Even the desserts were stale.   Was a total waste. The servers were nice.
I started with the French onion soup which was excellent.  it is by far my favorite soup,  and they do a great job with it.  The ribeye was awesome and so was the twice baked potatoe. I would recommend this place to anyone.
So I tried this place the other night. Charles was our server he was great. I'm starting with the food because that's why i go to restaurants. 

We ordered the ahi tuna cones, Parmesan churros, foie gras pate, green kale salad. 45 days dry age rib eye with bone, charcoal corn, and whiskey bread pudding. Ahi tuna was bomb! Parmesan churros look nice but tasted bland, like not enough cheese or salt. Foie gras pate would have been good but it tasted like they watered down with too much cream, which was no Bueno to me because I love foie gras and barely tasted it.  Kale salad was bomb and I don't like ordering kale salads. (you can guess who made me ordered that) rib eye was on point! And it's not on the menu so you got to ask. Charcoal corn also tasted bomb! The bread pudding though was too dry and bland. They need to work on that. 

They're still new so I would give them another shot. Charles our server was great. The atmosphere or ambiance whatever you want to call it was ok but the music was way too loud, I felt like I had to yell at my girl sometimes to hear me. lol
The best AZ brewery! Every food item on the menu is SO good and their beers are near perfection. Believe the hype! Service here is always exceptional. The only thing I would change is the seating\/dining areas. Outside is great when it's nice out but inside is a little dark and rugged. Not exactly a bad thing and I've seen over the years, additions and upgrades so they know what they're doing. Love it!
My car was towed here after being in an accident, two weeks later because of a misunderstanding between insurance companies, my car was still there, and they were in the process of trying to get the title to the car and sell it.  They said they sent me a letter telling me this, they said they sent two, pretty sure those kind of letters should be certified, especially since i never received either alleged letter that was sent. They def didnt send a letter it's just them scamming trying to make money off of peoples hardships.  don't trust this place.
I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit here. The service was great, the food was delicious (not your typical bar food), and my husband loved the beer selection. We will definitely return; I especially look forward to hanging out on the patio in the spring!
Still using the soft opening excuse. No one greeted us today. Server on the roof recommend a beer they were out of. Went to sit downstairs and found it difficult to be served. We had a table just no server. With the exception of Andrew, I found the entire staff to be rude and lacking knowledge of their own menu. Our server never introduced himself and seemed to lack server experience. My wife was greeted at the table to a totally offensive "joke" tied to the mason candle. I think it may have fallen off before we left.  We actually had a female server stop at our table to ask US about what we eating.     I went with excitement but left very disappointed. I will give them another try in a few weeks when the soft opening is over.
Great spot on Fremont. New, Good Bars, Food is above avg. Its Fremont, so that's good!
With all the new clubs constantly sprouting about in Vegas, XS remains numero uno! This spacious place makes the most out of their indoor\/outdoor atmosphere without making you feel lost or claustrophobic. Your feet will be spared of nightmarish stairs and there are plenty of places to give them a break. XS touts some of the best djs, and it never disappoints in diversity. Sound system is great so you can dance from anywhere without having to be near the main stage.

For the grand finale, I suggest jumping into the pool at the end of the night. Unless you have a bathing suit on, you will be escorted out like a celebrity. ;)

If you want to feel like a VIP, you must hit up Rachel at 702-557-4160! She is by far one of the best promoters and delivers well on promises. Cant wait to be back at XS whenever I'm in Vegas!
Every time we come to Vegas, before we depart home, We stop here! Everything we've tried is great! If you can get passed the fact that it's at a gas station and a local spot, then go on in! Food is on point!
Great California burrito. They always get my order right. Great Mexican food, for Vegas, that is.
Great atmosphere. Good location. Friendly staff.
Besides the red lanterns I don't get an Italian vibe.

I'm a frequent traveler of Italy, so I love to try new places. 

Great meatballs, decent portions. 

Unfortunately, I can't say this place should be considered a market. I came here thinking I could buy a couple items. This is a great concept, but I hope they expand their inventory.
Wonderful buffet! Chinese, Mexican & western fair! Soups, salads and appetizers galore. Pepper crusted roast beef that is out of this world... Let's not forget the desert bar...... Yummmmm! We had a great meal and a lot of fun!!!
LaMar's makes the best donuts in Phoenix in my opinion. The red velvet donuts are wonderful and they make special donuts for different holidays that are also delicious.

I've always eaten the donuts to go, so can't speak to the experience of having coffee in the shop, but I would totally recommend Lamar's  is a great place to pick up a dozen donuts for a meeting, the office, or a family breakfast.

Brenda at LaMar's makes the best donuts!
My family and I really like this place as it's the only game in town for freshly made proper Croissants. We've tried most things offered but the Croissants are the only thing that keep us coming back. The only thing we don't like is the awful tasting coffee, they need to use better beans. Tried both the drip coffee and Americano, both terrible. Please change the coffee beans so that we can enjoy a cup of coffee on par with the Croissants. Servers are attentive and friendly, get there early to ensure a seat and croissants. They run out fast and don't bake all day! So avoid disappointment and get there before noon.
If you are going into Wiegands, you need to understand what you are getting into. A small, smoky bar, with reasonably priced drinks. You'll get your drink with a smile and if there is a Pittsburgh game on, it will be on one of many TV's. If you want to get food, you probably need to go somewhere else, as they don't have a kitchen and only have snacks.
We were craving Cracker Barrel, but the closest one is by the airport and last time we went to that location my wife broke one of the rocking chairs. We looked for a similar option, and thought of Tupelo Honey. We had heard great things about their brunch, but it was already 8:00 pm so we decided to go for dinner instead.  Parking was available but not convenient, and when we realized we had to climb stairs we almost just walked to Nan and Byrons. Nonetheless, we ended up sticking with the original plan and before we knew it the two of us were sitting at a table with four chairs (all of the booths were occupied). 

Did our waitress know the menu? Yes.  Could she pair drinks with dishes? Yes, but only because the menu did it for her. I looked at the beer menu, and nothing really caught my attention, so I asked for a tap water, lite on the ice with an orange slice. My wife asked for the same, and the waitress was back momentarily with two waters, each containing 3 ice cubes and an orange slice and a plate of biscuits with a delicious honey spread.  

Took a glance at the appetizers, and nothing was appealing.  We love fried red tomatoes, and order them whenever we can.  However, we DO NOT eat tomatoes before they are ripe. That ruled out the fried green tomatoes.  The Appalachian Shrimp were tempting, but we decided against them as we had never tried fresh water shrimp before. We asked the waitress for her recommended entrees, and she described the Carolina Mountain Trout.  We had been eyeing this item before, but her description made it sound TERRIBLE.  We almost left, but it was already 8:40 and Nan and Byrons seemed like quite the hike.  After another quick glance at the menu, I ordered two Fried Chicken and Biscuits plates before the waitress could ruin them for us.  We already knew we liked the restaurant's biscuits, and we figured its pretty difficult to mess up fried chicken.  We were right! The chicken was very above average, as was the gravy that accompanied it.  There were ups and downs during our visit to Tupelo Honey, but chicken and biscuits were delectable.
I can't say enough positive things about my experience with Happy Endings.  Dr Fixler made this rough experience as easy as possible. He and his wife are very caring- you can tell this is what they were born to do!
Came here after spending the afternoon at the white water center for some earned brews. It was our first time here so the bartender let us try a couple different ones before deciding. She was super nice and even better from buffalo which is where we were from. It was helpful she was also patient with us trying to figure out what to get. I got the ginger wheat, another friend got a stout, and another got some type of really strong stuff. We each enjoyed what we ordered. We were also starving so it just happened to be our luck there was a food truck outside. There's also a huge area in the back where you can play all sorts of games and stuff. I've been hearing many good things about this brewery and glad I made it to check this one out as there are so many to chose from! I will def be back!
Went in to pick up a Lumina 640 (on sale) for my brother's Christmas gift and the service was quick & courteous! Even just making a $59 purchase, I was treated like a VIP customer. Good experience......
Nice and clean. Very friendly staff and prices very well. They do a good job and take their time. Their tools come packaged so you know each time they are sanitized and clean. Will be my spot.
We loved the Reuben Sandwiches! Very fresh, stacked high corned beef. So juicy & tasty!
- Accurate estimate for the work.
- Expertise on all kinds of locks.
- Fair recommendations for improving security.
- Finds a way to save me money (found a good lock on Amazon for me).
- On time.
- Cleans up well after the work is done.

Above are just some of the reasons I recommend AHA.  His estimates are very fair and you get a great value for the work.  It's worth it to buy your high end locks ahead of time and get all your locksmithing done at once.

Bill provides multiple keys and spends time going over setting codes, etc.  He also responds very quickly via the Yelp app which is convenient.

Highly recommend this company.
Decent atmosphere. If you turn your back to the concourse you can almost forget you're in an airport. Food smells great but I had already eaten. Had a Jack and coke double and it was still weak. Tried the Thunderhop beer and it was a decent IPA. Overall good feel to the bar. And I saw Evander Holyfield. Sweet.
Very prompt, professional,  friendly, explained everything he was doing and how long it would take. Loved the fact that they stuck with original quote! Honest people here and will be caing again during summet if my ac ever had an issues.

Trust these guys! They will get the job done at a fair price but still maintain quality work! Highly recommend
We have used Duke Family Carpet Cleaning several times over the years for carpet cleaning -- but just recently relied on them for restoration work when our downstairs flooded around New Year's Eve.

They were incredible.  They responded quickly.  They handled the mess with great professionalism (and didn't mind our nosy kids asking questions), and they helped guide us through what we could expect over the coming days and weeks regarding our insurance claim.  

They even offered to help answer questions or concerns when our insurance adjuster came by to write the claim.  

The Dukes are wonderful and treated us like family.  It was beyond what we could have asked for.
Taking over the space that housed the infamous Union Tap, this love song to brewing in its many forms is a great addition to the near east side night life. Shrewdly catering to the neighborhood residents' penchant for discourse and discernment, the Malt House has taken off, seemingly, at a time when many other businesses are shuttering. Combining familiar, friendly bartenders, a tv-less atmosphere, and a eye-blurring selection of beers from around the state,  country and world, this cozy depot remains grounded while dealing in the trappings of pretense. It proves that quality and good taste don't have to equal elitism and snobbery.
While I do agree that the service here is slow and they are understaffed for how popular the location is, I still had an overall satisfactory experience. They did not run out of any ingredients and were not stingy with the servings (except the lettuce). I also thought that the flavors were up to par with the many other locations I've been to. Yes, if you're in a rush and you see a long line, I do not recommend you stop by. Other than that, I have no complaints.
Had a Groupon ...2  entrees for free; so hubby and I dined there.  Since the Groupon was for lunch  we went on a Saturday a little after 3pm.  After we ordered, was told their lunch ended at 3pm so we couldn't use the Groupon. Menu advertised lunch\/dinner items with no difference in prices. Meal was fine.  Waiter was somewhat standoffish with non-Hispanic customers.  

Didn't want to lose my money for the Groupon so we went back a week later before lunch hour was over.  Showed the Groupon before we ordered so there would be no more errors.  Was told the meal couldn't be over $21.98.  The stipulation on the Groupon didn't say that but whatever.  Our waiter was very nice and friendly.  The meal was good, however my husband wasn't impressed. Had never know of this place without he Groupon.  Very large and spacious restaurant.  Not very busy on both visits.

One Great thing, the food was delivered to our table in record time.  It was as if the cook heard us when we ordered the food.  

The salsa was better than most Mexican eateries. 
May come back when on a all ladies outing.
Ich war nur eine Nacht im Haus, ohne Abendessen und Frühstück. Die Zimmer klein (ca. 2,8\/3,2 m) und auf dem Stand der 70er Jahre. Die Rückwand von schief stehenden Schrank hing davon und den Teppichboden wollte ich nicht Barfuß betreten. Solche Zimmer kann man nur an Gäste vermieten die gar keinen Anspruch haben und nur ein Bett zum schlafen brauchen. Unterm Bett wurde schon ewig nicht mehr gesaugt. Nie mehr wieder und nicht zu empfehlen. 72 EUR waren zu viel für so eine Bude. Renovierungsbedürftig!!!!
I am updating my review because I came here a second time to get my nails done. My second experience was quite nice, they did take their time and my nails came out great.
DO NOT GO TO THIS CAR WASH.  I dropped my $90k SUV there to get a detail. This SUV is always in my garage and I usually hand wash it myself.  They put a large dent in my door and told me nothing about it. I noticed it when I got home from the car wash.  I immediately returned and they ganged up on me and said that it was there when I brought the SUV in to get detailed.  The owner is a crook and this is a shady location. I gave them one more shot and brought in my other truck to get a detail.  They finished the truck, however when I got home I noticed that they didnt clean or polish the entire roof.  They must think that most customers will not feel to see if it was done or not.  DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE
the club is pretty nice but the dj that was playing here last sunday wasnt too great.  they play the same type of music and didnt give much variety for me to shake my booty to.
i really didnt appreciate those bounces guys that they have there.  Pretty rude if u asked me.  i was with my group and we left within the hour i think.
We came here the night after our wedding day to celebrate us as Mr & Mrs. We love love love love the food. The complimentary basket of bread was amazing. Those breads were so tasty. All of them. I couldn't stop eating them, I was worried I wouldn't be able to eat my dinner. 

We also got an appetizer of Beef Tartar. Best Beef Tartar ever! It was so fresh and light. For main entrees, I ordered Beef Wellington & Jesse ordered the Rib Eye. They brought out the fresh meat cart and showed us beautiful cut of meats before we placed our order. We love our entrees. Those meats were cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. 

We don't normally splurge but once in a while we like to do that and this place is worth every penny. The only reason I can't give five stars is because of the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's more like a night club than a dining place. The music was too loud. You can't really have conversation here and it made it not a romantic place to dine out. They also have happy hour which we may try next time we are in Vegas. Unless, I will win some $$$ in casino, then we will have another dinner here :).
Saturday night my friends and I went to HiFi and as per usually it was super busy and crowded. My boyfriend went to the bar to get a drink and after charging his card and handing him his drink, the bartender informed him that he had lost the card. My boyfriend got frustrated as thats his only card and the all the bartender said was "I don't know what to tell you". You are kidding right? Then were just standing outside and as people pass by us, on of the bottle service girls shoves my boyfriend out of the way. He says "excuse me" and she starts flipping. Telling him she is going to get him kicked out for "disrespecting her in her place of work". The servers are very unprofessional and need a lesson on basic manners before working in a bar where theyre job is to serve people and provide good customer service.
Good selection of curries and a decent choice of South Indian ones (that's their main attraction). I thought the meal we had were good without being memorable. I love sambhar and was disappointed with theirs. The coconut rice was nice and the curries not too oily. Service was on the poor side despite only two table being occupied including ours. Worth a try for something different but there are better out there.
I went to the Brow studio for the first time today.  I grew my brows out for about 3 weeks and had an appointment with Danell.  She was very sweet and professional.  The appointment lasted about 20 minutes.  The waxing was almost painless.  

I cannot begin to express how happy I am with the final results.  She did an amazing job.  I could not take my eyes off of my brows during my entire drive home!  

Danell even showed me how to color in my brows.  I ended up purchasing a brow pencil and highlighter so I can mimic the results at home.  

I will definitely make another appointment.
Eric Tont was amazing and super friendly.  This was my first time purchasing a home so i was completely clueless.  he literally held my hand through the full process and was always quick to answer my many questions i had daily.  His team behind him is just as impressive.  Jenn Finley kept me up to date on the progress all the way through closing and assisted me greatly in providing the information i needed to fulfill my duties as the buyer.
I have never been to Mellow Mushroom for so I was excited to try it. The food was fine and  was actually quite good and the service was friendly enough but as I started paying attention to the guys tossing pizza dough I started to notice some disturbing things. First the guy dropped the pizza dough and had to bend over far enough to pick it up that it did not fall on a table top and then continued tossing it. I would have just assumed I misunderstood what I saw but then the guy I dropped the pizza dough on his bearded face ( he was lookijg up as iy fell) and then continued to toss a pizza dough. I'm not sure I can stomach eating there again because I would not want that pizza dough on my plate.
This is excellent Thai food for sure. They have an appetizer that is beef jerky. In theory that sounds really really lame but it is actually one of the most delicious appetizers I have EVER had. There Tom Yum soup is also really good and if you order it extra spicy it is really EXTRA spicy (which I personally love, but I also love doing the Man V. Food spicy food challenges when I travel so watch yourself if you are sensitive to spice). Good food just go!
This is my absolute favourite pizza in Las Vegas, hands-down, despite the fact that it is a bit more expensive than I'd usually prefer for a pizza place.  

Crispy thin crust, the sauce is flavourful but there's not too much of it -- no soggy pizza for me!  They have a wide array of toppings -- I usually go for ricotta which is to die for, fresh garlic, fresh sliced tomato and basil (the tomato and basil's best when it goes on after it's cooked).  Yes, their italian sausage, pepperoni, roasted peppers and sundried tomatoes are awesome but I like to keep it simple.  They've got a nice wine list -- whether you want something pricey or just the house red you'll be happy.  Also, if you're a fan of caesar salad, make sure you try theirs.  It's not dripping with dressing like you'll find at a lot of places!

The downsides... It's a small restaurant and can get very cramped so if you're coming with a big group, anyone with mobility issues or small children I would highly recommend not coming at peak dinner time.  Also, there is one waitress there who is just unpleasant.  All the rest of the staff are wonderful from the bartenders to the hostesses up to management... I don't know what her problem is but every single time I've been there she's made it clear that she does NOT want to be there.  But overall, all of the pluses make up for one bad apple in the bunch.
I decided to try this place while on vacation in Las Vegas.  I found a restaurant.com gift certificate online (no longer on restaurant.com) which was $25 off a purchase of $50.  With that said, my friends family of 4 and my family of 3 ordered a lot of food!!  And believe me, you get A LOT of food here!!

My wife and I shared a pastrami sandwich and the pastrami was tender and flavorful.  One of the best pastrami sandwiches we have had.

We shared the 502 fries and that was delicious.  The chili had great flavor and wasn't too spicy and anything with rib eye steak on it is great.  We couldn't even put a dent in those fries the first time and were eating leftovers for a few days.

My daughter had the chicken fingers and those were cooked well.  They are not processed but fresh tenders that are hand battered.  The batter was crispy and the tenders inside were moist.

My friend got the Philly cheesesteak and his wife got the gyro and both said that the sandwiches were tasty and delicious.

Service was good too.  There was one guy behind the counter that was the register and the cook.  His name was Kevin and he was very friendly and very helpful in navigating the menu.

The ambiance of the restaurant needs some work.  It is a little run down hut with only a few tables inside, six or seven.  When on the street, it is hard to find since the building is so small.  The tables and chairs were old and wobbly.

This place is totally a "college" joint where local UNLV students can come and get a ton of great tasting food for a decent price.
My husband surprised me took me to Britney show. One of the best shows on the stripy a must see . Thanks for a great night
Loveit here ,, nice patio ,, best deals : awesome view .. happy hour all day on mondays GREAT DEAL.
The inside of this place is really nice. Not like any salon I've been to. I came here for a spa pedicure and gel manicure. The prices for the pedicures were either $25 for a basic, or $45 for everything else. To me that was kind of high. I usually go to a salon in North Las Vegas that charges $25-35 for the exact same pedicures using the same exact spa products. My pedicure came out nice and the lady doing it really took her time. The massages were a little too gentle where it felt like she was just rubbing her hand over my leg. But I appreciated that she really took her time and did a nice job on my toes. 
While getting my pedicure, another lady was working on my manicure. They didn't have white chrome gel which is what I wanted. So they did their best to accommodate it to something similar. The gel I got is white glitter, not really a polish. She had to put it on with a brush. I didn't really like the texture of my nails because it was painted on so uneven. The color itself looks nice and I liked that she really tried to mix colors and glitter to get me the color I want.
Im not sure how I feel about the service. I felt like any time I voiced a concerned really nicely, they would snap back and be really rude. I don't think the prices are worth the service and quality I paid for. I really enjoy my cheaper nail salon in North Las Vegas better. They have better service and prices and the techs are just super nice and welcoming. Also the entire time of my service, the lady doing my feet and the lady doing my nails we're just talking to each other in a different language. That made me feel uncomfortable like I was in the middle of a foreign conversation.
These guys totally saved my day by getting my flyers printed within a few hours!! 

Great service and great work!
Not my favorite, but always worth a stop if I find myself at Tempe Marketplace.  While it's clean enough and has a nice topping bar, it has fewer flavors than other shops in town.  It seems I always end up disappointed in the choices available that day.  But I do somehow manage to find enough to overfill my cup.
We were in from out of town and asked our server Derek what we should order, we had the Sausage appetizer, Perogie side, Mac n Cheese, and Pretzel Crusted Chicken, amazing meal!!!! Everything is made fresh and sourced from area vendors, the beer was great and the service from Derek top notch! Right down to the Bread Pudding Dessert Derek suggested, couldn't be happier with the meal and service and we will be coming back.
I bought a 80 min massage and hot oil scalp massage for my hubby on our last trip to Vegas for Father's day. He said it was the Best Massage ever! Yes we travel all over the nation and enjoy getting massages, mostly at upscale hotel spas. After reading the reviews I asked if he wanted to go there instead of a hotel. He had Rosey and says she is the best (next to me of course ) and even scheduled another appt on his next trip. Thank you!!
I have been going to Cafe Andaluz in Edinburgh for years and have always really enjoyed the tapas here. To be honest, I prefer these tapas to the ones that I have when in Spain. Building is beautiful inside, and the service  is consistent and friendly. Highly recommend!
Kelsey is a phenomenal stylist. She is patient , helpful, and somehow knew my sizes for everything. She really knows what she's doing. She helped me find my dream dress all within my budget . thanks a bunch !!!!
This was probably one of the best restaurants I've been to in my Arizona lifetime. The wings and burger were on point.. The waitress was nice and helpful but not over nice to where it's annoying. They have alot of tvs across the bar area definitely going back during football season
This is my second time with them this year alone. Hopefully my last one. The employees were so nice and wonderful. Got my car back today and it looked awesome. They gave me extra paint for future use. I really liked how they cleaned my car inside and out. Thank you so much guys.
Dr. Kantor is awesome. He helped me get my contacts exchanged when they expired. He provided me with a lot of information about what I need to be vigilant about in the future because I am moving away from Phoenix.
I'm in full agreement that this place has some flaws like higher cover, spindly stairs and epicly small bathrooms for the ladies, etc. 

But I think a real testament to the club is that you can have an amazingly fun time anyways! You know what? Maybe the small bathroom just adds to experience. Like when a couple friends need to talk, squishing into a broom closet of a washroom is hilarious. 

The music was a upbeat mix of old and new. My only problem was sometimes I just wanted to hear the full song but sometimes it was gone before the chorus even kicked in! The DJ was nice though. He let my hide my coat in his booth. 

Also, I like the entrance! It's a bit confusing to get to considering there's no sign on the street but once you're guided in the right direction, you feel pretty cool strutting up that alley. It feels like a secret! And then you walk up and see a rustic but hip room that's open yet intimate.  The décor is definitely a new take on what a club is supposed to look like and I appreciate the risk taken. 

The crowd was really fun and friendly. What more can we ask for? I would definitely come back.
Service is slack but the food was GREAT!
I have heard good things about Papago from reviews online so while in Phoenix I decided to see how it could be rated higher than my local hole, The Falling Rock. I'm sorry and call me biased but the tap selection here is so weak I've seen more choices at yard house on the 16th street mall in denver. The bottle take out is a nice idea but the selection is meek at best. Not to mention i couldnt find anyone to help look for my beer that was seemingly not there. I haven't been to them all but while I'd give the falling rock in denver a 9.5\/10 this place would barely reach a 5 and that just on selection alone.. Sorry guys.
Came in here for dinner with family and were seated promptly.  The server took all of our orders in a timely fashion, but overall wasn't very friendly or engaging. We ordered the House Special and the Kosmic Karma, both of which were very yummy. It took over 25 minutes for our food to come out, which seemed extra long since we came in very hungry. 

The decor inside is much nicer than other Mellow Mushroom locations that I have been to, probably since it is located in Ballantyne.  Would be a good spot to have dinner with a friend and catch up since you will have time to kill waiting for food.
J'étais plutôt dubitatif par rapport au concept...  La poutine est un plat que tant de restaurateurs ont voulu réinventer, et avec si peu de succès, en général...  Mais je crois que ce restaurant a réussi à innover tout en respectant le met de base (évidemment, ça dépend de comment vous bâtissez votre poutine...).  La sélection de frites est intéressante (j'ai particulièrement apprécié les écrasées), elles sont à point, croustillantes comme il se doit.  Le choix de sauce est intéressant, mais pourrait selon moi être bonifié (je ne vois vraiment pas quelle sauce offerte irait avec le fromage de chèvre, par exemple).  La sauce "911" tout en restant proche de la sauce originale, est juste bien balancée au niveau épices, comme un bon pad thai: les premières bouchées ; un peu de chaleur à peine, mais vous commencez à suer pour de bon vers la moitiée du plat!  
L'endroit lui-même fait très "états-unien".  Musique laissant à désirer et un peu trop forte. Télés branchées sur le canal du sport.  Le tout dans un endroit qui se veut plutôt classe... Bizarre, comme si à défaut de se trouver une âme, on avait été se la magasiner dans un wallmart, en pièces détachées et sans idée d'ensemble...  
Service correct, avec quelques ratés notables, mais pour lesquels nous avons eu droit à de sincères excuses et même un verre de bière, on peut donc dire qu'on y prend soin de la clientèle...  Un plus pour eux.

En bref, un bon endroit à découvrir si vous voulez une bonne poutine et si vous vous sentez créatifs.  J'y retournerai, ne serait-ce que pour voir comment je peux intégrer le fromage bleu à notre met national...
Great staff, minimal wait times, wonderful receptionist and great environment!! Our whole family uses Webster Orthodonics and we love them!!!
Been coming here since I was little. I love it! Staff make me feel super comfortable and almost know my style better than I do!
I visited this place a number of times over the past year, mostly because I like a couple of dishes.

Today when my wife and I went there for lunch, the service was terrible. The waitress and the lady behind the counter were not helpful when we pretty much finished eating 3 out of the 4 dishes we ordered and still waiting for my wife's beef noodle soap.

When it finally came, I gestured to the waitress to place the bowl in front of my wife, but she just ignored that and walked away. The beef noodle soap was filled with pieces of fatty beef.

At the end due to the long wait, too much fatty beef in soap, and their general nonchalant attitude, I decided not to give them any tip. The bill was $27 and I paid $30 expecting change. When I told the waitress I don't want to tip her, she smirked and told the lady behind the counter, then I heard the lady saying in Mandarin don't give any change back to us! 

Fortunately for her, she did give the change or otherwise I would have made a scene. I don't plan to go back.
A simple and fun place to have a diner style breakfast. Fast, friendly, efficient service with appropriately delicious (diner style!) food. Don't expect the moon but you'll walk out satisfied.

Old school design provide some charm.
Breakfast quesadilla is amazing. No wait. Sat down and was eating a great Mexican breakfast in minutes.
Delicious. A must go if you're a fan of good food, pizza and lively dining. 

So many options. So many tastes. Kid friendly. I would call ahead for a reservation if you don't want to be disappointed.
Unprofessional . I overheard cleaners talking about their mishaps with the law and jail time . Not something that would leave anyone comfortable with . They were washing windows at my workplace and I notified management . The conversation was inappropriate .
Stopped by for breakfast before my flight back to Texas and my boyfriend whom I was visiting here in Arizona for the first time said I had to stop by at a Bosa before leaving. Well I came in, the restaurant was very clean, asked for two donuts and a strawberry boba as I love my boba and was so disappointed!! The donuts were really dry and my boba tasted like straight up chalky powder! I took two sips and couldn't drink the rest it tasted so gross neither could my boyfriend. I was confused when I watched them make the boba as well as they made it in an usual way and the pearls were no good. )-: I'd probably give Bosa donuts another try when I make a visit to Arizona again but DEFINITELY at a different location.
Stopped by to use my groupon & had no problems. Had the soft shell steak & chicken tacos, it was really good. The staff was super nice!! I will be back...
Best wings in town! Staff is polite. They just re did their menu and everything is good.
What a find.  We are always looking for exceptional seafood options in the Phoenix area and this is perfect. The ambience and the staff were amazing. We had two different main dishes and both were delicious. My salmon had a great flavor and I was told that it came from a different than usual place, but I can't remember what I was told. If you love hot chocolate theirs is so yummy and so are their desserts. We felt very welcome and had a lovely night out. Thanks Gino and Joey.
I've always liked Planet Fitness. I joined the location off of Flamingo for a while and now am a member a this location. It is clean inside and you regularly see people cleaning and vacuuming. I like that it is never too busy. Never have I once had a problem using a machine I wanted to use. Unlike LVAC, you do not need to look fabulous to work out. With that being said.. there is not much to look at either.. LOL... 

The changing rooms are nice and have lockers, showers, toilets, vanity areas and a private changing space. They also have massage chair and water massage machine for premium members. Tanning is also included. I don't pay anything extra for this as I am super white and don't need to impress anyone with a tan and don't feel the need to use a germy massage machine. 

The charge is $10 a month for the same gym, month to month. They do charge a $30 yearly admin fee which is annoying if you signed up and paid a new member fee and then a few months later get charged their yearly admin fee. I would have probably tried to negotiate this differently if I knew about it.
Just reconfirming that this place is great. Friendly and helpful staff. Even at 8 am.
Had a very disappointing meal there about a year ago - so we decided to return and give it another shot.  Definitely will not go back!  1. Restaurant is open to the small patio in front - therefore no A\/C inside...... 2. Service was non-existant AND there were only 4 tables occupied.  Waiter provided the menus and disappeared to a phone call. If I'm going to pay $50.00 for a meal for 2 people - I want service.  If I wanted a meal with lousy service I'd pay $6.00 at MacDonald's!

We left and will not return.
I'm not one to write reviews BUT... just finished eating at Hush and the food was good however the service was probably the worst I've ever experienced. Just a heads up.. if you are one to expect good customer service.. DON'T EAT HERE.
After waiting 2 1\/2 hrs for a delivery I called to find out the status of my delivery. I was told they ran out of beefeater rolls that is why I had not recieved my order??? Why wasnt  I contacted I asked I was told because she was too busy. Pretty sad all of the other locations are fantastic!!! Maybe its poor management.
I have never used this CVS for their pharmacy, but stop in from time to time to pick up a few items when I am already in this shopping center for a Trader Joe's run. 

The store has a nice layout and is easy to navigate to find what you need. The aisles don't seem quite as cramped as they are in some other CVS stores.
I tried Cafe Berlin tonight after work. I did not know what to expect. I had never tried authentic German cuisine. I ended up enjoying it. I ordered Jaeger Schnitzle. The pork looked burnt at first but was perfectly cooked. Despite being smothered in a delicious mushroom gravy, it retained a certain crunchiness.  The spaetzl was a little off putting to me. Its taste was not unlike egg and starch. I ate it but I had to mix it with the gravy on my plate. The apple struedel was supurb. Very sweet though. The flakey chewieness with the crunch from the walnuts was great and the warm vanilla sauce was heavenly.

As for the restaurant itself, unimpressive yet redeeming. It is not full of the stereotypical Bavarian decor found in other establishments. It stays below that irritating status of kitch. The only thing German in the restaurant, other than the food, is a couple of German flags and empty bottles of Warsteiner beer on the tables. It is small and simple with good food and good service.

I hate to give 3 stars but with a poor location, lack luster ambience and higher price ($15+\/person), I have to.  Still, I would like to go back a couple more times for sausage and burgers.
I had been extremely apprehensive to try Got Sushi since it's opening several years ago.  What a mistake not embracing this unassuming sushi restaurant.  My wife and I ate there Saturday night and were blown away by the quality of the sushi.  From the nigiri to the creative rolls, everything tasted super fresh and was meticulously made.  Service is friendly and attentive.  Don't let the un-creative name or it's location within a parking lot of a strip mall deter you from going.  As an added bonus, the prices are extremely reasonable.  I would have expected to pay much more than we did!
Lenny's was OK but nothing to write home about.  Since I am a vegetarian I decided to stop in because I heard they had a veggie burger.  I assumed that a Burger Shop would be able to pull off a bad-ass veggie burger but I was wrong. The burger, fries, and drink cost me a little over $7.00 thankfully the fries were good.
Ok I read all the reviews so I thought I'd give it a try..well I really think people don't know good food..ordered Carne asada fries..hardly any cheese..they were the steak fries..not good..order crunchy tacos with beans and rice..the beans were horrible. .they tasted sweet..I'm told the owner..she said no we just use salt..there's no way..everyone tasted sugar in them..so back to the tacos..they were served sealed shut with the stuff on the side..so u had to open the tacos to put the lettuce etc into them
.so they cracked when u had to pry them open..mom got green chicken enchiladas..which the sauce was canned..and they used mozzarella cheese..never heard of that in my life..also ordered a chicken tamale..was so dry..should have know better when we were the only ones in there..oh when they brought out chips and salsa..well the chips were old and stale..and we had a beer battered avocado taco..horrible ..and you could tell the oil hasn't been changed out..the red salsa was horrible..no flavor just tasted sweet..I'm not a robertos fan but I would eat there over this anyday..worst mexican food I've ever had..I know good mexican food..trust me..don't waste ur money..and ND they sell cans of soda..so no refills..this place will be outta business
The chicken fried steak with gravy  was delicious and the pumpkin bread was great to start off breakfast.
Rain Massage - ever had 1??  This is the 2nd time I've taken advantage  the couples massage room :-)  

The Rain Massage was unique - using rain sticks as background sounds, as well as smaller rain sticks utilized for massaging during the massage.

If you are bored with 'regular' massages, this is a cool alternative to try - espcially together.

FYI - with any\/all spa treaments, you have use of the rest of the facilites: work-out room, pilates & yoga classes, adult pool, steam room, jacuzzi, ect.  This is located in the Westin Kierland Resort.
Great food, always fresh and innovative items on the menu. The staff is very friendly and attentive to what's going on. I also like that much of their produce comes from local sources.
This place is in serious need of quality control. Every time I come here people seem lazy and the work shows. Always need to head home and do a "second rinse"

Truly blown away that this place is in business and as busy as it is. Come on guys!
Phone world is awesome I was loosing my mind to buy a phone and a iPhone at that and sakhi was awesome from the very beginning totally saved my day gave me great deal .....I'm definitely coming back for any phone needs and I would absolutely recommend them 
5 stars
The best place in town for a good French style coffee and an almond croissant. This place is a true gem. I am from Europe and have lived in France before. It just reminds me of Paris and makes me miss France even more.If you want to get one of their yummy almond croissants you would have to come before noon. If you are lucky, they may still have some left....
the pictures to this place speak for itself

I believe they close at 10:30pm, when I left just before 10 people were still being seated
Joel was my technician, he was very friendly, very knowledgeable and very smart,  he cleared my kitchen drain really fast and he gave me some great tips on how to maintenance it, I definitely recommend him and Plumbing medic
Icehouse is great! Southend has needed a big place like this and now we have it. I see others don't like the food but I have been three times and have never had a bad meal--I've taken groups of 4 or 5 each time and no one complained. In fact, we all tried each others' food and loved it. 

The extensive beer selection only serves to make the dining experience more enjoyable as you can try anything and everything. 

Rest assured that this is a casual dining experience where you can relax, have fun, and enjoy a good night out watching a game with friends.
The staff is always friendly and ready to help. Sometimes it's difficult to find an available associate, but overall this is my anchor store.
this company will rip you off--overpriced-high pressure-agree on total price out the door but invoice is more -manager gone - service writer does not have authority-pay or we keep car--charges excessive amount for shop supplies (charging for shop supplies is illegal in California ) why   Nevada allows auto repair shops and new car dealers to rip off customers with the bogus shop supply item should be stopped
We had a great experience at Hunan by the Falls made even better by the wonderful service we received from Henry, our server. We sat right next to the water feature which was relaxing. I always eat the healthiest dishes I can find and Henry recommended the basil chicken with lots of fresh vegetable and little oil. It was delicious and had enough left over for a sizable lunch the next day. My honey ordered sesame noodles for an appetizer. I could bathe in that sauce it's so delicious! He ordered an alligator dish off the specials which was wonderful as well. We highly recommend this restaurant and ask for Henry for fabulous service.
Awesome experience!! gator is a great Ops team leader and he really cares about everyone having a great experience. He said he would learn all of our names by the end of the battle and he really did!! He also made sure that all of us got to lead the group into a room. 

You will be SWEATY so dress appropriately. I would recommend shorts and the lightest t shirt you have because they give you full gear anyways. 

The entire staff just really wants everyone to have fun.. Even the zombies!! 

They have a photographer who follows the group around snapping AWESOME photos for everyone!

It's a great adrenaline rush and I highly recommend for everyone!! We had a 10 & 12 year old in our group (girls) and they loved it too!!

Be sure to bring cash to tip the hard working Ops team leaders - they really appreciated our tip :)
Every time i go to Vegas i always have to make a few stops here before i leave Vegas. I think it's one of the best cheapest buffets i been too, if you love pizza. my Fav is the macaroni pizza. 

They also provide salads, soup, and dessert. NO ICE CREAM THOUGH! 

They have a little arcade for kids and about 2 TVs usually one TV has sports on and the other cartoons.
Shockingly horrible service.

Technically, we could not review the food as the service was so bad. After being seated, we were brought our water but could not get a server to take our order for over fifteen minutes. This despite asking other servers if we could place our order at 5 & 10 minutes. Both times, we were assured that they would get our server, both times no server appeared. We got up to leave and no one made any attempt to ask us what went wrong. Utterly incredible.
Beginner to parkour and Jay at HKPK was a stellar trainer from the start. I did a private 1\/1 training and he was patient while also pushing me to new limits. After 2 months, his session still ranks as the best. I only wish he was in LA! The facility is great, the vibe is chill and the clientele are friendly and encouraging. Jay is a standout and I will definitely get another session next time Im in Vegas.
I was in Vegas for a bachelorette party and decided to get extensions done with the girls.  I'm glad that we went to the right place. WINNIE is super friendly, warm and instantly put you at ease.  This is my first time getting extensions and she explained to me what I should expect and also how to take care of my lashes.
The lashes stayed on perfect for over a month and it was a great feeling knowing I can wake up in the morning without needing to do much because these gorgeous lashes were on and it made me feel like a princess everyday. I didn't need mascara period.
WINNIE is AMAZING!!!  Thanks again for everything...lashes are beauty!
Been to this local place three times, and It's pretty darn good.  Try the Pork Tenderloin and the Chicken Quesadillas.

If you are in for red meat, you won't be dissapointed.

The wine list is pretty good for a mexican joint, and the mood is just right.   I hear they are opening a tequlia bar soon with some gaming, so hopefully this will boost business for them.   It's a great little spot.

Great for a first date.
I had a great experience at this salon. I went with a friend from work to get manicures and they were very accommodating. I got a gel French manicure and it was great. The white wasn't too fat or skinny and she was pretty quick without rushing or doing a sloppy job. Usually I don't like my French manicures because they never turn out how I want them to, but Tiffany did a wonderful job! I will absolutely go back again.
Often times Margaritaville seems to have an older crowd. That doesn't really bother me, and I know that the reason is because of the live music. Kids these days just want DJs. I, however, think younger people would LOVE it. The live music is fun, and it is generally a band doing cover songs, so everyone will know the songs. In between sets they play traditional club music (hip hop or whatever). It is free, which I love, and the drinks are generally pretty strong. They have food and plenty of seating, which is also free to just sit at if you can find an open table. There is plenty of room to dance, and it doesn't seem like anyone is trying to have s*x on the dance floor. The people at Margaritaville are just there to have a good time, which is exactly what we go there to do. I just want to hang with my girls, meet some funny people, and act like fools. Margaritaville makes that happen while still being cool enough for everyone in our group. Don't forget that there are a couple bars as well. So getting a drink is easy, and the decor is fun; very nautical.
Sort of an older crowd when I was there.  No good looking women.  Cheesy band playing.  Bartender was a rude bitch.  Will never go back.
I've never been more pleased to write a review! On the never ending quest to find the perfect sandwich, I tearfully can proclaim that I not only found that at this restaurant, but a hearty serving of love and compassion. It's no secret that this restaurant is staffed by those who are autistic\/special needs. As the stepmother of a wonderful autistic man, I was personally touched. But I can't even put into words the feeling my husband and I had while dining here--we felt like family. Sam warmly greeted us at the door and Cordell enthusiastically explained the menu. Cordell seriously had a future in food. He described the ingredients like a judge from Chopped! 

The food (OH THE FRIGGIN FOOD!!)--I was floored by the flavors. From the best pasta fagioli soup I've ever had, to the best damn BBQ pork sandwich I've had (white BBQ sauce was terrific!!), I can honestly say I would twirl a sign in the street to get this place on the map. The chef\/manager "W" is so passionate about the quality of ingredients, and it truly shows. He brought us a sample of his homemade meatballs--a firm texture with the right about of spice and substance. They roast all their meats in house as well. I cannot wait to try everything on the menu. 

We appreciated meeting everyone today and you are all heroes in my eyes for letting these bright and wonderful kids shine here. This restaurant deserves a spotlight and success. Thank you for making us part of the NYT Deli family.
The only place in the area with big stores.

If you are looking to shop in this part of town, this is probably the best place to do it. Naaa it isn't the fanciest of shopping malls, but it makes up for luxury with size. The M&S Outlet has some great deals and TK Maxx can make your home look just better.
This Michael's needs more staff! It's close to my house but I'll have to drive to the Goodyear location. You can never find help or what you're looking for. I said out loud does anyone even work here? Another customer said that's exactly what I was thinking! There was one cashier at the front who had a line of at least 5 people. I've come in here about 8 times since moving to this area and no luck with anything!
The only thing I hate more than shopping is shopping in a mall.  When my daughter asks, I answer, so off to the Westfield Hell-Mall I drove.

My daughter has to wear a uniform at school.  Okay, she isn't required to wear one, she chooses to wear one:  Abercrombie, Hollister, Aeropostale.  Nearly every tween and teen wears the exact same sweat-shop rags, in lock-step with their culture.  Sad, yet there I stood, in The Abercrombie & Fitch store.  But to describe this experience as having taken place in a "store" is to miss so, so much of the marketing ploy.

You walk UP into this place, as if onto a porch, decide if you will turn left, into the girl side, or right into the boy... then into a series of dimly-lit, wood-paneled rooms.  I think they're trying to make it seem as if it could be someone's home, someone who loves to blast club music, someone with a whole lot of friends who stand around folding and re-folding clothes.  Someone who subsists on an IV drip of perfume, that then exudes from their pores and defiles everything it touches.  This is sensory manipulation at its most crass and exploitative.  (Kids love it.)

We found a nice coat, bought it and left.

I still feel dirty.  

You see, Abercrombie sells one thing, above all else: Sex.  The merch is all about the sex, the animatronic store staff is all about sex, and it sickens me.  The ads are a never-ending homage to the "half-naked boy" concept dating back to Mawky Mawk, or the "two beautiful people stuck to each other" concept.  Either way, it is another in a series of cultural attempts to sexualize young people.  One of the songs blasting from the walls cooed:  "We'll make love on the living room floor while your parents sleep."  Whuh?

Jeez, now I'm even MORE depressed.
Stopped earlier in the week as our previous groomer went out of business. Decided to stop and check out Barking Dogs since the reviews were good and it is close to us. When we stopped we met Kathy the owner and she was great and gave us a tour of the grooming and self wash areas.

 We looked over the entire store and the staff was so informative and helpful. They gave us a few samples of dog food they sell to see if our Morkie would like it. We set an appointment for Saturday for grooming and as clock-work he was done within a an hour and we both were very pleased. We walked out with a clean puppy & dog food.

Kathy and the entire staff treated our dog as their own and we are happy new customers! Happy to find such a great place. 

They have their own doggy treat bakery and the treats are a hit in our house!
There are a huge variety of toys in the store but what I like the most are the science toys. Staff here are young and friendly.
I had a great time here.

I visited with a good friend of mine with my wife and daughter as well. The staff did a great job of accommodating us. They have a lot of great options for food (They have Vegetarian ramen options too).

I had their Ramen Pizza, it was OK. I was curious, I had it. I probably wouldn't order it again but I'm glad that I had it.
What a relief to finally have this store reopen.  It's very clean, organized and has, from all my experiences to date, a very helpful and friendly staff.  Despite whining by other yelpers, the aisles are certainly wide enough and all the initial crowds have died down.  The parking lot is certainly not gratuitous but it's more than sufficient.  Still, if you shop at 2:00 pm on a Saturday afternoon, don't act surprised that the lot is full.   You want a lot of parking spaces, shop in the suburbs.  The sushi and deli depts. are fantastic as is the meat\/seafood counter.  It's all very tempting and might result in spending more than you planned, but a bit of planning and restraint is necessary as everything looks so good.  It's a blessing for the neighborhood and the community.
I've eaten Indian food all over the world and this place rocks!  I compare this to curry places in the UK, China, San Fran, and Ithaca...very authentic cuisine.  They are very consistent on their spice level based on what you tell them.  They offer superb service and a well crafted menu.  

Being a huge fan of Indian food I have found most do not live up to my expectations but this one nails it!

They only negative is I wish they had a better wine and beer menu...but I don't mind saving a few bucks by not drinking.
This MCACC adoption site is housed in a former pet store in Metrocenter Mall and sponsored by PetSmart Charities.  It has cats and dogs available for adoption but no retail as of yet.  The store is on the lower level of the mall, near Sears.

My husband decided to cruise through Metrocenter on his recent day off and made a stop in Under One Woof.  There he saw the perfect little puppy for my father, who has been on a search for a new best friend for some time.  After some text messages, pictures and phone calls, the parents were on board and this little Malti-poo was on her way to a new home.  

The volunteer who helped us was very friendly and helpful, explaining the shots the puppy had already received and providing us with information on her post-op care (MCACC had her spayed) and where to take her for a free wellness check.  There were other volunteers putting the dogs in the play area while the kennels were cleaned.

There were so many other cute dogs that needed homes, it was hard not to take another one home to join our crew at home.  Both of our dogs have been adopted from the Arizona Humane Society.  We wanted to rescue animals that needed homes rather than buying from a pet store, but I could not bear the idea of walking the prison-like halls of the pound.  This set up is bright and warm, making adopting pound puppies a little less heartbreaking.

If you're looking for a new friend, please make sure to check out Under One Woof and give a homeless pooch a new forever home!
If you're the kind of person who likes overpaying to get food poisoned, you should book it to this place FAST.  

I tried to order the crunchy rice with tuna- which is simply a bowl of deep-fried rice with tuna sashimi over it.  I asked if I could substitute the deep fried 'crunchy rice' with plain white rice.  The waiter had to consult with the owner about this and eventually returned to tell me that ALL of their plain white rice came 'pre-shaped' into little squares, so I would have to have that instead of a regular bowl of rice.  I said that was fine.  

After about 45 minutes, he returned with a plate of 4 rice squares topped with small pieces of tuna.  I was skeptical about whether that was a portion equivalent to what I would get had I ordered the regular bowl, but whatever.  By the way, I noticed that the full sushi bar was not being used at all by the sushi chef, he was prepping and bringing out all of the sushi from the back, which was a little suspect.
  
After paying 18 dollars for the above and a small Kirin, I headed home to a full blown stomach flu within 12 hours.  I came here with a friend and she actually ordered the SAME exact thing I did, presented in the SAME way and she got sick as well...it was the only thing we had eaten in common that day.  

As a sidenote, the waiter was totally rude and continually gave me looks like I was on an episode of Portlandia playing the 'overly-concerned-about-food-preparations' health hipster, when ALL I wanted was plain white rice.  

Ugh.
I loovvvvve this Rosatis! By far the best in the valley! Great food and service! Lots of drink selections and I love the double dough pizza! The salads are also spectacular! I always get the chicken Caesar salad! Mmmmmm
Very nice location, but they definitely need to make some changes. I had the manager take my order and her hair was everywhere and she had on no hair net or hat like the other workers, so I politely requested to have someone else take my order, I could take that clearly she was offended but she obliged nicely and had another young lady round up my food. My draw back was that I had to ask at all, as a manager you should never look like you've been outside running and sweating and then want to handle someone's food, you should look better than all the employees and set standards. 

The manager advised me that all managers don't have to wear hair nets or hats, which is fine, but you definitely shouldn't be on the food line then.....so for that they get 3 stars. The food was good and I have no complaints but I won't be driving back here anytime soon.
My wife and I stopped by for an early Saturday night dinner.  At 5:30 there were only four other people in the restaurant. We started with Mai Tais and coconut shrimp. A great combination to kickoff a wonderful meal. Our entrees were the Mussaman Curry with chicken and the Pan Fried Noodles with chicken. Both dishes were delicious and the generous portions have us both looking forward to lunch tomorrow. Many of the reviews rave about the mango sticky rice dessert. It's all true. Perfectly ripened, masterfully sliced mango paired with warm sticky rice sitting in a bit of coconut sauce will make you glad that you decided to take home a portion of your entree. 
By the time we left, the tables were starting to fill up. Even with the growing crowd the dining room was not noisy. The live acoustic guitarist could still be easily heard strumming The Girl From Impanema.
If you find yourself in Mesa near Dobson and Guadalupe, Pink Pepper Asian Fusion should be one of your stops.
NEVER GO TO THIS GYM! THEY KICK PEOPLE OUT!

I am a member of Golds Gym Philippines and I have a travel pass that allowed me to work out anywhere that there is a Golds Gym. They lost my international drivers license when I left it with them, as they require the travel pass and a form of identification upon signing in, and then called the police since I was waiting for them to produce it. The manager, Christopher Walker was even refusing to take my call that night as I just want the assurance that my identification would be found, but no, they refused. I even asked them to drop me off at my house since I cant drive without a license, yet they told me to take a cab and just leave my rent a car there. They were rude, especially Walter(who was a total a**hole) the staff there who even told corporate that I was gonna hit him with a chair, hello, he was a 6'3 buffed guy and I was a 5'8 chubby guy. I am asking for them an incident report on what happened and yet they are refusing to incriminate themselve, and to produce the webcam on the day that the incident happened.
 
They misplaced my license since they were showing my travel pass to a prospective client of theirs who they were trying to make a sales pitch, according to the staff. Til now this has been NOT resolved so I say NEVER GO TO THIS HELL OF A GYM!
I had to check this place out after hearing all the hype and after eating here I still don't understand why this place is so popular.

Don't get me wrong the burger (which was kinda small) I had was pretty good and the chocolate shake was delicious but were the burgers and fries worth me standing in a long ass line for 20 minutes?.. I would say hell no!

Honestly, I think In N Out and Fatburger are way better than this place and  better yet you don't have to sit in a long ass line for 20 minutes to get your food. 

If you're gonna stand in line for a burger for 20 minutes that bad boy has got to be the best tasting burger outside of kobe burger which this definitely wasn't!
This is what happens when you are too hungry too function so for the first time in your life you don't read people's individual reviews and\/or look at photos on yelp...

You believe the menu that says that an OMG size pizza feeds 5-6 people. So you muster up the brainpower to do the math and order 2 OMG size pizzas for your group of 10 because I mean, 10\/5=2 right? And I'd like to think we are big eaters.

SO WRONG. SO SO SO WRONG.

My boyfriend goes to pick up the pizzas and calls me with shock in his voice double checking that he was picking up the right order because apparently the pizzas are HUGE. I didn't really imagine how huge until they came home with the 2 boxes and we were shocked at how they even fit it in the car door.

Each pizza slice is 1.5 times bigger than your head. I'd say easily 1 foot tall and 8-9 inches wide in the crust! 

The pizza itself is thin and flimsy, so even though we asked for it well done, there is no structure for you to shovel this behemoth of a thing in your mouth. So I had to roll up the pizza onto itself and then later opted for a knife and fork. 

We ordered the Pork Reigns: House Braised Pork, House Made Sausage, Ham, Guanciale, Applewood Smoked Bacon and Salame Calabrese with Mozzarella and Tomato Sauce. This was the better of the two, although I did not find\/see any braised pork at all.

and the Classic Combo: Caramelized onions, Roasted bell peppers, Roasted Mushrooms, Black Mediterranean Olives, House made Sausage, pepperoni, tomato sauce. This pizza was just okay. This one is definitely not as loaded as the Pork Reigns. The olives are fresh so be careful many of them still had pits!

The red sauce in general was full of flavor and so were all of the cured meats. The crust is definitely chewy and leaves something to be desired. And if you don't like rosemary, don't get the garlic knots, because they are packed with rosemary flavor.

For 2 OMG pizzas + regular size of Garlic Knots = $102. It was good but it wasn't the best. But we were grateful for how quickly it was prepared along with the convenience of something other than Mexican fast food in North Las Vegas.
Great little place. Fun 50th diner theme. Food was good and inexpensive. Homemade deserts were fantastic! We will definitely be back.
We had read really amazing things about the food here but it was just so-so and overpriced at that. We had the no name dinner and the chicken fajitas. Overall, we just felt the price didn't reflect the quality of the dishes. The service was very good and fast.
I love this Lee's! I remember the day I drove by the vacant plaza and saw a sign that said Lee's Discount Liquor Coming Soon! Well it didn't come soon enough. I think it took about a year for them t finally open their doors. 

When they finally did open, It didn't take long for me to become a regular. I could walk here if i needed but that might turn into a problem! 

They staff is always friendly and helpful. They have even offered to help try and get some of my hometown items in stock. But I know that Utica Club beer isn't gonna be a hot seller in this town!


I love that they always have tastings, special deals & offers. I always get suckered into trying some new type of drink, but I can always count on them to have my staples.
This Dunkin Donuts is the best!! Cheap coffee that tastes good!! Gary is especially the best. He's always so friendly and helpful and cheerful. The only thing is my coffee is never stirred at Dunkin Donuts, so I have to stir it myself. But that's okay I guess because the coffee is so cheap and so good!
I have to say, this place impressed me. I stayed here for two nights during a work trip, and got a fantastic group rate ($109 per night, as part of a convention hotel block). I don't think I've ever paid that little for such a nice place.

After checking in late at night, I got a room with a beautiful view of the Capitol on the 11th floor. I sat down at the desk and turned on my laptop to check my email. You have to pay for wifi at this hotel, but I found a free wifi signal from a nearby building. Unfortunately, I didn't stay in this room long. There were some teenagers yelling and slamming doors, and it was midnight. So I went downstairs and asked to switch rooms, and was given a lakeside room on the 10th floor instead. This room was much quieter and bigger... but sadly the free wifi signal I had facing the Capitol had disappeared once I moved to the other side of the building. Oh well, that's why I have a smartphone.

My boss and I had breakfast downstairs the next morning before walking across the bridge to the convention center for our meeting. We told our waiter we were in a bit of a rush, so we managed to get our food (which was delicious) quickly and finished just in time. My boss was impressed enough with their breakfast that he came again early the next morning (I chose to sleep in). The concierge was very helpful in suggesting nearby restaurants, and both of the options he gave us turned out to be fantastic recommendations. They have a small convenience store (the size of a closet) to the left of the check-in counter. I asked them how much the half-size bottles of water were, and they told me just to take one for free.

I had a very comfortable stay here. The beds were soft and had plenty of pillows, the carpeting was beautiful and new, and the place was just overall very well-appointed. I thought it was a nice touch that, for one thing, they allowed pets, and for another thing, they had a tiny blackboard that welcomed their VIP guests (with the dog's name on it) and a tiny bowl of dog bones. So cute.

When it was time to check out, we asked them about getting a cab to the airport. They said they had a shuttle that was five minutes away and could take us for free. I left with a great impression of this place, and would absolutely stay here again.
Much cleaner and more organized than most other Fry's locations, including the fancy pants Fry's Signature I lived near in Anthem for six years. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. MUCH better than the local Walmart...
Dishonest, Deceitful, Delusional Deceptive...

I accompanied my wife to look for a newer\/used car. As expected, we were approached by a salesman within 30 second of walking onto the lot. My wife informed the sales man that she had been pre-approved for a 20K loan at 1.9% interest through her credit union. We proceeded to test drive a 2013 Subaru Outback with 50+ thousand miles, a dented front fender, back seat worn down to the last fibers, missing buttons on the dash and the driver side mirror still had paint on the surface from an previous accident. The car also smelled like an animal shelter. They assured us that all of these issues would be taken care of after we purchased the car... The sales man also told us before our test drive that the car was priced at $18,000.00. Sounded great we thought! You can imagine our surprise when he approached us after the test drive with paper in hand, and a printed break down of all the additional costs amounting to a total amount of $30,000.00. He then shows us our monthly payment calculated at 14% interest. (We've already informed him that we have funding @ 1.9% and a $5000.00 cash down) Do we look retarded? How do we start at $18,0000 prior to a test drive and the sales team's best offer out the door is $30,000.00? Another hour of conversation resulting in nothing more than deceit and frustration. If this company would have been honest and showed us a car within our price range, we would have likely made a purchase. An incredibly frustrating waste of our afternoon. 

As a side note, I actually purchased a vehicle from this dealership about 4-5 years earlier and had one of the BEST car buying experiences of my life. I'm disappointed in the changes they've made with their sales techniques. It's clear that they have changed management since my last visit. Not likely to return in the future or recommend to anyone that I like in the slightest degree. This dealership is managed by greedy slime balls... Best of luck to anyone who's brave enough to stroll the property!
I have been a loyal customer for decades.  The food is as fine as the best meal in ANY fine restaurant.  The food is excellent, the service is outstanding and this establishment is spotless.  Could be the cleanest establishment anywhere.  Outstanding food, exceptional service and clean keeps me loyal.
I've eaten both take out and eaten in at this cute little hole in the wall Greek restaurant.  I am so very impressed at the freshness of everything and the flavors are to die for. I've never been a fan of dolmades anywhere else as they are usually slimy and tasteless.  I'm proud to say that they have completely and totally changed my mind!  Lemony and firm and beautiful.  Gyros and hummus are home made and beautifully presented.  The tzatziki is freshly made and has the right amount of garlic.  This is hands down my favorite Greek place!
Best gift ever! I received this as a gift and I must say that I absolutely love my new lashes! Kudos to my bf for thinking of me :)  A friend of mine had her lashes done by Colette and I could not stop admiring them!  She came out of the water with no mascara smudge to worry about and that is when I knew it was something I'd definitely benefit from!  I don't wear much make up but not my eyes will look gorgeous all the time. Yay- 10 extra minutes to my day!

The service: Colette explains everything that she is doing and she is always available for questions on care afterwards. She was very flexible with scheduling and does her best to work with your schedule which is nice. 
She is very precise and she evaluates each individual lash one by one.  I was always worried about one side being fuller than the other but they are equally gorgeous.

For people who don't want to spend all day worrying if their mascara ran or even if you just want to see beautiful natural lashes in the mirror when you get out of bed, this is s must! They will tell you, "Good Morning Beautiful!' everyday as they wave at you.

You deserve to do something nice for yourself- 'Tis the season!
I did an online order for 8 Amano Shrimps for my planted tank.

The website wasn't too clear on how livestock is packaged so I gave the store a call. The guy who answered the phone was courteous and knowledgeable (i.e. how long shipping would take, whether the livestock will be fine given the current weather, etc.).

It was evident that the livestock was packaged with care. The exterior of the package was marked clearly as fragile. On the inside, a sealed bag was cushioned by many layers of foam. They also included a leaf (I want to say Indian Almond Leaf?) that the Amano Shrimps had obviously been snacking on during their journey.

All 8 shrimps arrived alive. After proper acclimation, they have been very active in cleaning up algae and leftover food.

All in all a very good experience - I would definitely shop there again and recommend to friends!
I have always had a god experience at this location until tonight.  I began my order and had someone obnoxiously laughing on the receiving end of the order and then had 3 different people talking over each other as I gave my order.  I had to then again give my entire order.  She then read it back to me and gave me my total.  I am the only one in the entire drive-thru at this time.  I get to the window where I AGAIN have to give my order and then the screen locks up on her.  I get a half-hearted apology at best and then the supervisor comes over to fix the issue and then the girl tells him to ask me for my order a FOURTH time.  He gives me a different total, and takes my gift card, lays them down and walks off.  The original associate then steps back in and gives me my total again and asks for a method of payment.  I tell her the other guy took my gift card and walked away.  She finds them and gives me my new total after giftcard.  The girl never said anything else much less thank me for my business.  I have NEVER experienced such an unprofessional and disrespectful interaction at ANY Starbucks that I have ever visited in many states.
Would easily give negative stars if possible.  The man that came out to help me is a con artist this is not a legit company.  It is ran by the type of people who make me sick and make it hard for people to trust businesses.  I was quoted 50 dollars on the phone (Which is still a pain but at least somewhat affordable).  So I agreed and he came down to where my car was, while he was trying to get my door open to get my keys out he told me to fill out my info on the receipt.  When he was done I got my keys.  I went home and found out I was charged $175.00 I work a minimum wage job and this is half of my bi monthly pay check.  This man is a horrible person and I warn you to never ask for any type of service from this place.
I don't know who Grant Van Gameren is but apparently the fact that he took over Harry's is suppose to be a thing. A friend told me about the place and frankly I should have known better than to fall prey to the rattlings of the hipster grapevine. Came here with a friend for a burger, grilled cheese sandwich and fries. Really wish I hadn't.

The old diner aesthetic is indeed still very much in place with the decor, right down to the coin operated table jukeboxes. You can imagine an older generation of blue-collar working class folk coming here for a beer and cheap eats back in the day. If you're looking for that vibe you can find it here or many other diners still alive in the city. As for the food...Now, I've eaten in my fair share of diners all across Canada. Some were surprisingly good, others were barely survivable. Harry's food though not toxic (I suppose that's why everything but the fries were near chard black...Y'know...food safety) is also rather bland and uninspired. 

My friend's grilled cheese was toasted till black and my burger, what little there was of it, was like a chewy piece of charcoal. I guess I didn't read the menu well enough but usually a "Banquet Burger" has things like lettuce, tomato, pickle, onions...Not so at Harry's, I guess near $15 for a burger a little veg is too much to ask. The fries were most likely the frozen $1 per kilo variety that you can find at any nofrills grocery store (hey whattaya know there's a nofrills right next door to the place). 

The service I suppose was competent enough albeit done with a nonchalance. I don't think our waitress ever did a quality check with us the whole time we were there. Perhaps she knows better than to ask "How is everything?" 

When you can have a burger of far superior taste and quality for less than 1\/2 the price at the new A&W Parkdale location I can't imagine the retro diner aesthetics of Harry's being worth the trip. Take it one step further you'd be leagues better off at Burger Priest or the nearby Cardinal Rule or The Rude Boy than at Harry's. Unfortunately Harry's food has only taken the worst aspects of cheap diners and brought it to those who are foolish enough to think nostalgia is everything.
This is absolutely the best dr office ever. I get horrible anxiety going to the drs but this place made me feel soo much better about the whole thing. excellent doctors and physician assistants. best bedside manners I've ever seen. they really care about you.
We had 3 all glass garage doors installed in our restaurant. The are beautiful and function flawlessly. When we call for service on a minor problem Cookson came out same day and fixed the issue no charge. Great doors great company. Highly recommended.
I was staying at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in January, 2017, and had dinner one evening at MOzen.  The staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  At 7pm on a Thursday evening I was able to be seated immediately and in a great spot right next to the window.  The menu appeared to have a broad range of Asian themed choices ranging from Japanese (for example sushi) to Indian (curries) along with a few American staples (steaks).  I had the butter chicken curry and it was terrific.  A substantial portion that I could not finish even though I was tempted to do so as the flavor was so good.  It was very nice to have a terrific meal without being rushed and in a quiet setting without having to walk a long distance to another casino or hotel.
This is a very beautiful property. It's a bit off the beaten path when compared to other strip properties.  Everything in this place is ultra high end all the way down to the tables and slot machines. 

You notice how fresh the air is as the hotel and casino are fairly new. There are amazing pieces of art and decor throughout. 

If you prefer to relax and want to avoid the hustle and bustle of the strip, then this is the place for you. 

It is definitely new and chic. Well worth the visit and walk if you're staying at another property. 

It is owned by MGM Resorts, so be sure to get a players card of you play, dine and ship. Comps are valid at this property too. 

Don't get confused when driving in, just take the Harmon Road all the way up.
First time coming here or ever hearing about this place, however i think this place should be more popular! 

I had the pork and cheese pupusa and it was awesome. I put the vinegar coleslaw on top and it only got better! 

The atmosphere is like you would get stepping into an authentic restaurant in El Salvador. Great job. 

I will be back and bringing friends. 5 stars!
This review is LONG overdue :-)

I found Dr. Heideman & Dr. Luth this past summer by scouring Yelp reviews.  I have been going to the dentist 40+ years, and they are by FAR the best dentists I have EVER had.  The entire experience for me and my husband and 2 teenage children has been phenomenal.  They are the best kept secret in dentistry in this entire valley.  I have a mouth full of dental work, as does my husband.  Dr. Heideman made a crown for me in under two hours.  I walked out of there with a beautifully restored tooth... no temporary crown... no hassle of making multiple appointments.  BEAUTIFUL!  Dr. Luth has worked on both of my children.  They both had positive experiences.  Their staff is also top-notch.  I love their hygienist and front office staff.  They are polite and responsive.  

I highly recommend this dental practice.
Best pizza in Charlotte, nobody else is even close!  These guys do it right; everything from the bread the ship in for their subs to the perfect, thin, NY style pizza.  I would eat here everyday, but I would be as big as a house...  I love this place!  Really nice people as well.  You can tell they are a family business the moment you want through the door.
Edward came right over and took care of our stuff that had gotten WAY behind!! The yard looks amazing!!!
Visited Vegas on a family and friends trip. With the large group had to try out the buffet that seemed to be popular. The wait was pretty long, even on a weekday lunch the day after thanksgiving. The views inside were nice as expected in Vegas, the waitresses were pretty cute. The sushi was just ok, typical nigiri selections with fish that was better than the buffets I've had before but subpar to a normally sushi joint. The tonkatsu Ramen was pretty decent though, had a couple bowls with the wife and kid. The selection of non sushi was decent, fresher than I would expect from a buffet, probably because of the high turnover with the high volume of people. There was a dessert selection as well with many flavors of ice cream. 

Overall a good bargain being a buffet and better than average quality of food. But in Vegas I expect more, having visited some of the higher end sushi joints and other restaurants I like to be blown away versus what I can get at home. Wasn't blown away by this place.
This was seriously one of the best places we'd been to in awhile. We don't eat out that often but when we do we try and make sure we're getting the most for our money. This place didn't disappoint. We'd seen most places that had lobster tail for 29$, my husband got a whole lobster for 35$ along with 2 sides! Even though I went with the lunch option the coconut rice was amazing and the mixed fish bowl was so fresh and tender! Totally recommend that if you're able go here!! We'll be sure to bring family here whenever we travel towards the Phoenix area. Not to mention the staff was super kind and accommodating to us.
I came here yesterday to have a meeting with several other friends.  I didn't expect as we just need a drink and some snack around the afternoon time.  The decor is pretty good and well designed.  However, the noise level was off the roof, and it was just really loud like a Chinese dim sum place during lunch time.  I don't know whether is the design of the place or the people talking too loud.  

The waitress had a "whatever look" on her face and totally looked like she didn't want to be there.  I don't want to work on holidays either, but since you were given this shift, maybe make the best of it.  Go for tea is famous for their high price beverages, and my order was pretty tasty.  However, the service was super slow.  I think they need more baristers because I waited for 30 minutes for my drink.  When we had the bill, we clearly waited to pay by credit card, and it was funny that the waitress brought the machine and didn't speak at all and left the bill there.  And somehow she just left after couple of seconds.  It was really awkward, and we kind of just gathered whatever cash or coins we had, and just wanted to leave.  My friends were pretty nice to leave a 10% tip despite poor service.  I would have given the bill just enough money with a only 25 cents tip with this kind of service.  

Hope it was just an isolated incident with the service since I do like coming this place a lot.
Really amazing food.  This is not your typical pub fare.  If you're here visiting and missing your favorite NYC or SF restaurant then come here.  Oh, yeah, they have beer.
I work with people who love food. People who are so food-centric they can tell you an awesome place to eat in every city across the world. And these people love burgers. 

We've visited a number of burger joints in Vegas; Holsteins, Burger Bar, Le Burger Brasserie Sports Grille and now, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR, which was top notch.

We ordered GR's take on jalapeno poppers (they come standing up in a shot glass of dip), pork belly buns and chicken wings. I don't eat pork or beef (which the poppers have), so I saddled up with the wings, which were phenomenal. One had a cilantro-styled sauce and the other was a buffalo wing version. Both stood out with flavors that popped.

Since I don't eat beef or pork, though, my burger options were severely limited. This is why BurGR gets only 4\/5 stars from me - a veggie burger that's an actual veggie burger (not a portabello cap) would have been much-welcomed. I don't like giant mushrooms. They freak me out. I was instead inclined to order a salad, which was a noodle salad - and quite tasty. Soba noodles, asian-styled dressing, siracha-laced chicken. Yum. My colleague and I also split a chicken slider. Others who had the burgers raved. "How is something that is so simple so delicious?" The fries - we tried three varieties (truffle, regular and sweet potato) all hit the spot, too.

Decent beer selection for Vegas (they even had cider, which was a good surprise because one of our friends prefers that to beer) and the server was friendly and semi-prompt (some lags in drinks but eh, whatevr. - See what I did there.)
Killer service, great food (especially the spicy chicken soup) and family owned atmosphere. Been here many times in the last few years, never had a bad meal. I reccomend it to anyone who enjoys Thai food.
I had a bolt in a tire that I needed patched up, so I took my car to Pittsburgh General Tire to get fixed.  Guy at the front desk told me he was too busy and to bring my car back the next day between 12 & 3.  He quoted me $35.  I brought my car back the next day, and the same guy said he was too busy and blew me off.  I immediately took my car to Vinny's and had it fixed in 5 minutes for $15.  Honest and nice service... will be returning to Vinny's Auto Service to get other work done in the future.
My wife and I went to Olive's just this evening and had a most wonderful experience...The restaurant is cozy and reminiscent of tiny bistro.  Upon entering you are greeted by the chef and owner Tim who is more than welcoming and makes you feel at home immediately.  The food selection runs the Italian gamut...pizzas, pasta, salads, as well as great looking sandwiches and desserts.
   I went for the gnocchi and my wife choose the pasta rustica...The gnocchi were butter soft and the homemade vodka sauce was killer ( get this dish! ), while my wife's rustica was sausage-y goodness!
   The place is BYOB, however there is a liquor store next door that'll more than hook you up...
   Go and you will love it, the owner, the ambiance...Oh yeah, and Elvis has been known to make appearances there!  I highly recommend this restaurant...Come with an empty stomach and be ready to take home a pizza to tide you over until your next visit!
Very happy with this restaurant. They have a nice menu even if you do not like fish,  I had the Atlantic Salmon with mango sauce, it was firm, tasty and cooked just right.

Service was very good, although they are using tablets to take orders and they had quite a few issues with them. 

I really think they are trying very hard, I hope it stays that way. Give it a try, you will like it.
I came here for lunch w\/ my folks on a Saturday morning at 11:15 AM - there wasn't a wait time and we were seated immediately!  By 11:30 we saw a line outside, so I'd show up early if you wanna bypass the wait.

NOTE - A lot of the stuff during lunch is limited, but for $8 bucks I really couldn't complain.  The salad bar had a few empty trays so they were missing a lot of the fresh fruits\/veggies you'd probably get during dinner.  Additionally - the middle station only has chefs grilling the following meats 1) steaks, (2) mini slider-burgers and (3) liver (ran of fish when i got there).  I was hoping they could make full sized burgers or ribs or something, but nothing during lunch.   The steaks were a little too salty tho.  

You can get other stuff like Asian foods (orange chicken, some stir fry stuff, fried rice, etc), general Mexican food like enchiladas & build your own tacos, and pizzas.  The desert section is pretty nice w\/ lots of ice cream goodies & cotton candy.  Service is good too - they constantly refill your drinks and stuff.  

I feel like people who are in buffet's automatically drop 15 IQ points and revert back to caveman status. It's like a freakin' zoo inside man. People will try to cut in line just to get their steak man; some people will bring 5 plates and grab 5 steaks at the grill, there was a mob of kids cutting just to get some cotton candy!  Crazy stuff goes down here man.  

I'd like to come during dinner to get the full experience.... (and the full experience means dealing w\/ the 'herd' of crazy people lol).   

But still... 8 bucks for cheap eats lol.  I'd be back haha.

TIPS:
-lunch specials are $7.95 Monday-Saturdays
-Check your utensils when you eat. Not all of them are clean. Some of the desert bowls near the ice cream machine were dirty too.
We've came here before and the service is pretty slow but the food is pretty good. We come here today and we are seated and not acknowledged for 15 MINUTES! We are handed one menu for two people and not even a drink order was taken. Unacceptable and no customer service at all. Will NEVER go back. Go if you like to wait and be ignored. Can I give zero stars?
The food is very good. The deserts are beautiful but sometimes a bit over the top rich for me but if you love a sugar over load this place will be a sugar ecstasy! The decor is classic hip coffee shop. Sometimes the staff can be a little unfriendly. It just depends who is working. It has sort of a New York feel. I've had bad experience with the cappuccino so I avoid it.
Maybe Turkish food just not my cup of tea, we tried and its okay. Pita bread was fresh and hot but the taste did not impress me. The lack of sauce dishes felt little dry and boring to me. Don't get me wrong, you might find their food is delicious. But our first visit probably our last as well.
Came here on on a Sunday with le boyfriend for brunch, and man oh man was it delicious! Very decent sized portions, really great service, and the best part was that we were seated right away during brunch prime time (10:30am). Could not be more pleased or happy enough to give my recommendation :)

Memphis Benedict + Heaven on Earth (4.5\/5): GAWD would I kill to eat these right now. Heaven on Earth is this gigantic french toast filled with strawberries, blueberries, jam & cream cheese. On the side they give you maple syrup to finish it all off. The toast is crispy while the inside is creamy. Definitely a choice item for those craving a sweet first meal of the day. I was weary of trying the Memphis Benedict since I'm not a fan of pulled pork. There is something about sweet meat that doesn't really sit right with me... BUT their pulled pork is more on the savoury side and probably one of my favorites in the city! They also don't skimp on serving you the pulled pork, like I said up top.. the servings are decent sized if not huge lol. Lastly, I'll need to comment on their home fries. It's tossed up in their "legendary sauce" which is some kind of ketchup mix.. but with some spice to it. It's pretty tasty, I enjoyed it! However, they get soggy near the end of the meal so it might be a good idea to ask for it on the side.

Cost (4\/5): For $13\/$14+tax+tip for each of our meals (we didn't order any drinks), I'd say this was a fair priced meal. It's presented well, it's a VERY decent sized portion, and I don't think they could have cooked it any better!

Service (4\/5): Front of the house treated us with a smile, and our waiter was very pleasant. Table service was on par seeing as we never ran of water, and the food + bill came in a timely manner. No complaints here!

Ambiance (4\/5): This is a really hip place. They have windows lining the front of the restaurant and Christmas lights that run to the back. Their bar is well designed such that it doesn't look messy, but tidy as they display alcohol that runs the entire wall up to the ceiling :P I have to admit that it does get noisy, and perhaps is alittle dark if your aren't seated in the sunlight.

Overall a great choice for brunch if you are super hungry, in the area, and not wanting to stand in line for an outrageous amount of time :)
Wow. Needed to find a place close by to eat so this place was a lucky find. Great curry dishes, dessert, and they bring fresh naan and other items to you. Sweet and sour fish was a lot of meat with minimal batter. All dishes were fresh and desserts galore.
It was one of those slower nights for them.  As usual, the ambient were perfect.  We were seated right away.  Given time and suggestions on chef's special and people's choice of appetizers and main course.  Food came in perfect quantity and steaming hot, not microwaved but freshly made because you can feel that in the taste and aroma of the dish.  Perfect balance of seasoning, hurbs and spices were used.  Gravey was not too light and not too rich but with perfect thickness.  Proposition of gravey to other vegeis was perfect. Naan (bread) was warm with butter on them and freshly made.  Super soft from inside and had nice golden color crust on top with melting butter.  An excellent experience of food, services and environment.  Will recommend to friends, families and others looking for amazing Indian food...
My last review I wrote some snarky shit about the hostesses and I feel like a jerk for that. This time we came in and they were all so friendly and welcoming. She carried conversation with us about where we were from and all that sort of chat on our way to a (Woohoo!) patio table by the sidewalk. 

Let me say that I love this place. I live in Vegas and I feel like I'm on vacation every time I go there. As most every other place on the strip it's too much of a hassle, or sleazy, or just loud but this place is worth it (and I can finally zip to Paris pretty quickly, as long as a mob of people crossing the valet sidewalk doesn't stop me for ten minutes.) Not here. 

It's classy and fun and the food is delicious! We went for breakfast and I had the fruit boquet with mint syrup (who knew?! It was amazing!) and a blackberry muffin - also ridiculous. It melted in my mouth. 

My friend also had a fruit plate and a baguette. Everything was fresh and the portions are just the right size. The cappuccino was over the top gigantic and one of the best I've ever had. The large comes served in a bowl. We got to sit and people watch and have a nice breakfast. 

If you go, ask for Debbie. She was fast and nice I didn't even have to ask for anything because it would already be there. I work in the industry and not only was it not the typical "service" the strip is so well known for not providing, she made us feel welcome and like we mattered.
If you like bubble tea your gonna love this place! Now with that said let me say this tea house has some "very Asian" (for lack of a better phrase) style teas. Some things you won't find at the average bubble tea place. Inside is very small room for about 2-3 people to stand\/ wait outside for your drink.
3 star review because the place is great very authentic . Everything inside looks old and has history imbedded in their company . The concretes are great and flavored are great as well . One of my major concerns is that I have been here 2 times, which I have found a hair in my concrete two out of the two times I have been there . Really turned my stomach over :\/ .

Watch out for hairs
I have always wanted to see Elton John live in concert,
With his Caesar's run about to be over, I pulled the trigger and bought tickets. 
Were they expensive, HELL YA.
Were they great seats, HELL YA
Was it worth it, HELL YA
We sat in section 5, 6 rows from the stage, Elton sat in front of us all night and played the piano.  The only bummer was they allowed the first 5 rows on stage during Saturday Night Alright for Fighting and we missed it by 1 row.
Elton played 19 great songs, he was defiantly having fun and loved the applause showered upon him by the audience. Even kicking out one of the security guards who was trying to stop somebody in the first row from stop dancing.
The video screen behind the band and on the piano really added a touch to the show.
Elton has not lost a beat. He put on a amazing show.
It ranks up there with one of my favorites concerts of all time.
I chose to go to the Southwest Medical Marijuana Evaluation Center because of the great reviews this center and Dr. Burns have received. I am so glad I chose to do so. 

The SMME Center has a lovely, calming atmosphere, with informational videos playing in the reception area, along with all kinds of pamphlets, which provide more info. The young woman, who I believe is a medical assistant, but who ran the reception\/check-in area, was so kind and supportive. 

The same can be said of Dr. Burns. She was not only lovely and kind and showed great caring for the issue I'm facing, but she provided so much medical information, including the science behind why marijuana helps and heals. She also referred me to a holistic doctor, as well, and told me exactly what to ask for at the dispensary. I will always be grateful to Dr. Burns. 

I highly recommend the SMME Center. It's the best!
Soon to be Restaurant Impossible.   

What a disappointment Mr. Irvine. Sent my Poutine back twice. First one was like eating potato stix from a can. Cheese curds were ice cold. Very little gravy. Second batch had about an inch and a half of "gravy" in the bottom. Was more like beef broth. Fries were soggy.
There are very few things in life that I can say I would pay to see again, and Zumanity is one of those select few.  The show was  absolutely incredible....my wife and I loved every minute of it.  Zumanity is a MUST see show.   We've never been to a  Cirque show before and we were completely blown away.   We liked how they would get some of the audience members involved in everything.   The two girls in the waterbowl were sensual and fantastic.   I also liked the fact that they had a live band.  

One bit of advice...do NOT sit in the very front row.   Honestly it puts you right next to the stage, and it doesn't allow you to see all the stuff that is going on in the background.  Also, don't sit up in the balcony as those aren't great seats either...plus the host will pick on you for being in the cheap seats...LOL.
The pita portions are huge but not worth the price they are listed for. I got the special pita wrap with chicken and fries. The fries were soggy and tasted frozen. The chicken was cooked right but it was bland.  The sauce had no flavour.  The poutine was smothered with too much, super salty gravy.  The quality of food was just average.  The quantity was a generous amount but save your money if you want exceptional tasting food.
Absolutely the worst!  I'm not sure how, but after their remodel this place went south!  HORRIBLE service, late food delivery, incorrect orders and crappy food.

We visited last night (for the last time) and were seated quickly although it was busy.  Waited quite a while before our drink order was taken and waited even longer to receive the drinks and place our order.  My order was wrong and my salad arrived with no dressing.  Couldn't find a server to flag down to correct the order and then waited long enough for my husband to finish his meal before my correct order arrived.  No apologies from the server.  I noticed the guests dining behind us were also experiencing similar issues, and so I'm guessing our server was having an off-night.  But this is the second visit we've had (different servers) with the same complaints.

There definitely needed to be some retaining with that remodel!
This was a convenient pick for dinner before seeing a comedian at The Mirage. I started with a mandarin orange margarita. It must have been plenty strong enough because I ended up falling asleep during the show that we attended. We started with vegetable egg rolls tasted like average egg rolls from a Chinese restaurant. For dinner I had the sweet and sour pork which was good and had a nice amount of peppers and onions on the plate. For dessert we split creme brulee which came out with two cute little cordials. It wasn't long into the meal that we decided this restaurant was basically PF Chang at strip prices. So, the food definitely wasn't bad, but it wasn't worth the price.
Always a good time. Great service, great food for a bar, surprisingly delicious garlic adamame! Never a dull night, bar and machines are always clean. Great spirits.
Très bonne pizzas! Vraiment une bonne pizza du coin! Un peu dispendieux. On a commander pour emporter et le resto est petit, mignon, des banquettes. Une place du coin depuis 1968! C'est signe que c'est pas prêt de partir.
I had a complete brake job back in December 2014.  (Rotors, ceramic pads, fluid flush). Today I had to check on the the brakes because they were chirping. I was surprised to have an issue since a year is not long enough to have a problem. Come to find out the rear brakes ceramic pads are worn out. Fronts pads are are perfect. It's a little fishy that the rear pads are worn out in a year. I'm not saying they were not replaced as charged but it strongly appears to be the case. I called the manager of this location and he just wasn't that helpful on with a repair solution. It was beyond a year so they are not responsible! That being said, be for warned. 
I'm having the repair done in Tucson as a result. 
Don't look for backing there product or service.
Great place great cut would recommend will be back just keeping it real 100 I got done really fast and time when so fast when I was done I was already and there you go would be back again
It was a small repair, but without it I would have been on the side of the road with disabled car. They treated me like a local and got me out fast. They did the repair and did not even charge me. Great customer service!!!!!
Chips and salsa are VERY good. 

Steak fajita meat is delicious. 

Pollo fundido is also very good. 

Everything else on the menu is very average. 

Their beans arent very good, and their rice is terrible. 

There are much better mexican restaurants within 15 min of top shelf, but if proximity is a priority, then you go to top shelf. 

Also, there is one waitress there that is awesome. She used to leave phx each summer and come back each winter but i havent seen her recently, but she makes the place 10 times better.
This was one of my all time favorite places to go . You could enjoy the food, wine and beautiful surroundings But in the past several years it has grown enormously, as a result the quality of the food and the quietness of the place has changed dramatically . The food is pricey for what you get and would be ok if it was even good! 

There is always a long wait for a table in the summer and as a result they are pushing you out the door while you are being served.The wine is still good but there are other places to get good wine . I feel sad like an era has come to an end
I checked out a bunch of places for tint online and tried to use reviews as one of my basic factors.  I wanted to spend a reasonable amount and not let price be the ultimate factor when picking my tint mainly because my car is brand new (first owner).  I was thinking of going to Eco-Tint but their wait list is about a week and a half and thats just ridiculous unless Jesus himself is putting on your tint (and he better be doing it miracle style, none of this of this manual labor business).  Capital Tint was less than a mile from where I lived and I called them and Stefan (not sure how to spell it) was super nice and super friendly on the phone.  He explained everything in great detail and really seemed like he liked his job, which you don't see a lot of these days.  I made an appointment but had to change it up and come in on short notice.  They were nice enough to squeeze me in at the end of a busy day which was really nice of them because I saw how many cars they had and they were really nice about me coming on such short notice.  Stefan came to my car and explained everything he could about all the different types of tints and what they do and the costs.   They got it done a lot quicker than they said they'd have it done.  The whole staff is amazingly friendly and I left really feeling confident about my tint job.  I plan to even get some more work done there.  The only reason it's not 5 stars is because I still believe its a bit high in cost and I did have to go back for a little bit of a touch-up on the tint, but they handled me in minutes and had me on my way.  Thanks!
Grubbing. This place make the best sandwices... Just don't ask any questions.
It goes something like this:

Me: Game tonight. Who's down?
Friends: We're in, where?
Me: Andrew wants wingy! And a big beer. Trying to keep it cheap tho. 
Friends: So, Zipps?

Arguably the best happy hour in town (3-7pm). Zipp's has it made with awesome burgers and focaccias (really good wraps), and of course, those WINGS. Get them medium golden. The only downside is the lack of sauce variety, but the flavor and quality really outshine typical sports bar food. I've wasted many an evening watching games in this fine establishment. For good reason too - we're talking premium beers for $3 and 32 oz domestics for $4 or less. Toss in chips, salsa and guac for another $4 and you've got me as a fan for life!
So awesome! Took a class. I feel so confident in my lash extension abilities now. Instructor is such a great teacher.
-mary
Came here for brunch with a large group of my Coworkers. I always skip breakfast so, anytime I can eat a breakfast dish, I will. First walking in, it is very very western (Lone Spur) as expected, they played Country music which, made the whole atmosphere feel more welcoming for their theme. We had a friendly server, food came out quickly, and all of our meals tasted great. Half of us had breakfast, and the other half ordered lunch, both were delicious.
The actual class (drop in Community) was amazing, super great practice, amazing flow, great room temperature. BUT my friend and I are not from Montreal, and we were a minute late to class (arrived at 8:45 and that's what time we started) because we did not know where we were going and found it a bit hard to find. Upon entering the studio, we were immediately made to feel very bad about being late, which we already did, but the woman originally at the counter assured us that the class hadn't actually started. She took our 5 dollars and then disappeared, not showing us where to put our stuff or even where the class room was. We were left to be yelled at by numerous (I assume) staff members, tearing us apart for being late and sighing and moaning at basic questions like "can we use the mats?" The amount of time wasted in us being persecuted and not helped in any way made us actually late for the class, which made it very hard to concentrate on the practice. What I did notice in the class, however, was the woman who had originally taken our money in such a rush was in the class as a student, very interesting that she hadn't just walked us into the class as it was her destination as well - eager to take our money but not to give us any service...
Took my first 101 class on Monday. Couldn't believe how friendly and welcoming everyone was. From the people who work there, to the ones taking classes, every single person I talked to was so nice. Huge, since I was so nervous about feeling uncomfortable or lost. I signed up right away after that. Feels like home already. Not to mention, the workout was a blast!
Even though some of the stuff here is a bit too "out there" for my personal tastes (especially the new fall stuff - lots of tulle and neon colours, which can look costume-y if not done right), I always enjoy stopping by this store. It's super-girly and they have fun dresses for special occasions. Be sure to check out the sale section at the back. The reason I like shopping here though is that the staff are consistently genuine and courteous, which is saying a lot for Yorkville. No matter how you are dressed, they treat every customer like a regular.
This review is long over due. I first used Vegas Hot Spots services back in April when I made contact with Severn. My Vegas trip was taking a wrong turn and was not the exciting experience I had hoped to give my friend for her first time in Sin City. Severn did everything he could to give us a trip to remember and he did just that. He set the bar very high. So high that when I returned to Vegas a month later for the Britney Spears show I knew I had to get in touch with Sev and see what deals he could get me and my girls. We were able to go to the hottest, clubs with the hottest performers. With big names headlining the clubs prices were ridiculous. Severn was able to get us in with bottle service for very reasonable prices. Day parties at the pool were no exception. I highly recommend Severn and Vegas Hot Spots. I know I will never go back to Vegas without using their services again.
Best pho in town, hands down. Hygiene could be a bit of concern. If you prefer Chinese flavour over Vietnamese, and ok with spicy food, try the spicy beef vermicelli in soup. Dry mouth afterwards is typical due to the amount of MSG, but what the hell.
If you are ever in town looking for a great comfort food meal, this is the place.  

We were on our way back to the Strip after visiting the Hoover Dam.  We took a slight detour through Boulder City Historic District and came upon this little GEM of a diner.  My daughter wants to give them 10 stars!  Both kids had the kids burger with house cut curly fries and a soda.  The burgers are a generous hand formed patty served on a potato bun.  The burgers were juicy and delicious.  The fries are blow your mind DELICIOUS!  I helped devour the kids side and then our awesome server told use they are bottomless!!  Yo, I was like MORE PLEASE!

They also give your their homemade fries dipping sauce and ranch dressing.  What a great treat!  The sauce made it even harder to stop eating the fries,

Well not only were the kids meals yummy and hit the spot, I enjoyed the BBQ grilled chicken salad.  It was a perfect mix of lettuce, tomato, black beans, corn, cilantro and juicy chicken.  Generous in size but not so big I could eat every last morsel!
See 2nd update below: 

UPDATE to what I wrote is below which takes them from a 5 to a 2 (1 plus for the install work discussed below):  I have to give it to Roxy and Wes and the Sun Control Landscapes crew.  Very professional and they kept me up to date on their work status and schedule.  Hired a contractor to work some pool repair, build out a fire pit, and install a putting green.  For "softscape" or installing plants, lighting, etc, I was referred to Sun Control.  Turned out that Sun Control was the sub for all but the pool repair and the design for the fire pit.  Could not lock down the schedule with the primary contractor and the quality of work quickly became questionable, so canceled the pool repair stuff.  Opted just to focus on the work that Sun Control had a hand in on and I wasn't disappointed.  Wes saved the day for a redo on the fire pit (based on primary contractor design), and the work they did to renovate\/refresh my backyard was fantastic.  I'd say the landscape industry is huge on customer satisfaction and navigating the touchy waters of design and "happy factor."  You have to be sensitive to folks like us who are often spending thousands to improve their homes and property.  Based on how Roxy, Wes, Roberto, and many others performed on site, they've earned 5 stars.  Friendly but above all, really professional.  Thanks guys - the project looks amazing!

UPDATE: So, a month later, I noticed that my $900 lime tree wasn't right.  The leaves were a bit curled when they installed the tree but it still looked okay with fruit.  I shot an email to them asking what to do.  There's a warranty.  I got an email back about watering and please send pictures.  i adjusted the settings that they installed for the watering and sent a series of pictures including the tree.  No response from Wes.  I asked Roxy, she was understanding and said, "I'll have him get in touch with you."  Nothing.  Ask again and again...nothing.  It has been 2 months since I sent the pictures and concerns over, leaves and limes are dropping off, the buds aren't growing, and I kept updating the status of the seemingly slowly dying tree.  Crickets.  

It's a bummer.  I'll update again if this gets resolved but I paid thousands and thousands for the work and would have thought I was worth more after the job was done, particularly since they guaranteed their work.

UPDATE 2:  It has been a year.  This year - my large orange tree was exhibiting some difficulty.  During the backyard renovation, Sun Control took out my existing irrigation system and installed drip lines.  I asked if the 4 emitters would be sufficient for my tree with a 20ft canopy and they indicated that a citrus tree this large will pull water differently and not require as much watering on the surface.  4 emitters for my large tree and 4 for my small new lime.   4 emitters when my tree was previously on a bubbler and lawn sprinkling before they replaced it with artificial turf.  After my tree looked hurt this year - I called in a tree doc and he indicated that 4 drips is absolutely insufficient and that they were too close to the trunk.  More were needed to cover more of the root system and be more distributed because the root was obviously getting most of its water from the lawn and bubblers which were several feet away from the new emitters.  Essentially, you need to feed the root system where they were getting most of their watering before.  Does that make sense? My tree with a 20ft diameter canopy required 60gal\/day equivalency during July and it was getting less than a quarter of that.  My fault for not measuring the watering requirements but 4 drips could not possibly be enough.  

For my little lime tree.  After 3 months last year - I finally got Wes to come out and look at the tree.  Said all the leaves dropped because I was overwatering.  I showed the tree doc my issues and communications and photos from last year and he indicated that newly planted trees need more water to get them through the shift.  He said the root balls are loaded with fertilizer so not really needed initially but did say that I was not overwatering at all, and mentioned that oftentimes, a young citrus tree will lose all their leaves and go into shock if the root ball is disturbed\/damaged.  It's coming back but not remotely like it was when I first had the tree installed.  

Hope this helps.  If you settle on a landscaping company - make sure you call a tree expert to review the installation plan to make sure you don't harm existing foliage.
First they don't want to answer then theyre rude and tell me it will be ready in 10 mins go there and its not ready. Smh.
Not sure how I feel about Qdoba.  It's one of those things that are up in the air for me.  I mean, I like me some Mexican food every once in a while, and when it's prepared fairly fast I'm down with that.

Even though, I always end up feeling less than fulfilled when I leave there.  I always get my burrito naked with the tortilla on the side.  I think this is the best way to eat it, saving a person from a soggy mess.

Anyway, the inside of this spot is, well for lack of a better term, spotless.  Not much else to say on this spot.
It's a relatively new pizza joint, so I think they're still getting their feet under them, but I have no complaints on the food. I'd like to see a little more uniqueness in their non-pizza options.

Friendly family atmosphere when walking in to pick up, and great pizza toppings including a variety of spicy and not spicy meats.
Jardin Nelson is fantastic for several reasons, the first of which is that it's one of the cheaper joints in vieux-Montreal.

It was hot on the sun-baked cobblestone main path and I was aching to sit and enjoy a french style brunch and JN delivered beautifully. We sat in the back garden, and we were instantly cooled by the shade and breeze the architecture of the inner eaterie. It's beautiful, with lots of garden plants and stone walls, well lit and your meal is accompanied by jazz music (sometimes live as when I went!).

The waitresses are cute and friendly, and can obv accommodate if you only speak english. The menu is somewhat sparse, but what's on there is made with a delicate and professional touch; all of our food was top notch and delicious. I had the house crepe, a friend had the rabbit and another the scallopene. We relaxed and enjoyed the meal and the scenery and heartily recommend the jardin Nelson to both tourists and locals alike. 

Prices are btwn $15-25\/person.
It was around brunch time when I noticed this spot and I knew I wanted something delicious while avoiding the crowd. Upon first glance at the menu, I saw multiple options that caught my attention so there was no way I could pass up eating here. The decor of the Pantry was also very delightful and reminded me of something that is countryside inspired.

I ordered the fried chicken, biscuit and mashed sweet potatoes with gravy. I must admit it was to die for. The chicken was cooked very well but it lacked seasoning so I ate it with hot sauce. The mashed potatoes were unexpectedly delicious with the gravy. Lastly, the biscuit was absolutely tasty especially with a light spread of butter.
It's hard to find cheap decent fast food along the strip. The Orignial Chicken Tender is together with Nathan's (hot dog) at the food court of Monte Carlo Hotel is a good option. 

We needed a quick bite to maintain our schedule while walking around the casino. 
I ordered the chicken tenders and fries combo along with lemonade.  The food was made to order. Nice, tender, and with a crispy exterior. Great for soaking in the alcohol after a long night. Fries were freshly cut and cooked to perfection.
Not exactly a place for tourists. perhaps it is for local. It's not very big. And there were a not more than 5 people when we were there. Simply boring.
We ordered the meal for curbside pickup while we were in a hotel in Vegas with out 4 month old daughter.  Takeout is much easier when you have a little one.  To our surprise, when we got back to our hotel, I noticed that they had forgotten plates, napkins, utensils, and all of the dressings that we requested when we made our online order.  

Normally, this would not be an issue, but being in a hotel and not realizing this until we got back complicated things tremendously.  That being said, it's not the mistakes you make but how you handle them, and when I called the restaurant to explain our predicament they went above and beyond to make it right.  I wasn't about to drive back to the restaurant, so they offered to refund part of the order via a gift card sent to our house.  As I said, above and beyond.  The only reason I didn't give this five stars is because of the original mixup.

The food was excellent.  

rgk
I loved this place, the ambience is super charming! Bread it's amazing delicious, chocolate is not bad. Food have very good taste. Just go there not in holy days because is toooo full and be waiting can be not something to enjoy ;)
Ambiance endiablée, nourriture ordinaire, service très long et prix exorbitant... Recommandations pour 5 à 7 seulement.
Nous sommes entré pour boire un verre. Mais il faut manger, dans ce cas c'était une surprise incroyable. Nous avons pris un lobster rol' pour deux. Il était incroyable. La salade d'accompagnement avait une vinaigrette très goûteuse. Nous attendons présentement un deuxième plat parce que notre appétit s'est ouvert très grand parce que c'était tellement bon (ma copine m'a fait rajouter ce détail qui s'avère vrai). Le Margarita est aussi excellent. Ma copine est ravie de son choix de vin rouge.
There was no wait which was good and plenty of tables...So why on Earth when we walked up the 3 hostesses that were standing behind the podium completely ignores us all looking down at something. We had to interrupt them to get their attention. Then we got seated and waited 15 minutes with no one stoping to even get a drink order. Finally a hostess dropped off water and left. We then had to flag down another hostess to ask​ for a server...5 minutes later...Still no one. So we left and went next door to BLD...Fast service and fantastic food.
Soooo full.

The kid and I were starving. We were headed to Thai BBQ in the same plaza but decided to change things up at the last minute. So into Taste of China we went...

Pretty quiet, clean considering the age of the building and not busy at all. There were two other tables seated and the owner let us pick our table. Bathroom was clean (super plus). Service was quick and friendly.

I ordered the MaPo tofu (I'm a temporary vegetarian and it's been pretty difficult considering the spots we normally patronize...) It was tasty, slightly salty and not as spicy as I had hoped which was my fault for not specifying the level of heat I desired for the day haha. My picky child had the sesame chicken (sauce on the side) and she enjoyed it. Portions were pretty large and came with a side of white rice, some pickled cabbage and a dish of roasted peanuts. We ended up boxing up about 2\/3 of our food.

Against my better judgment, I ordered a snow ice... not that it tasted bad... I was just too full and I knew my daughter wouldn't touch it. It was actually really good. For $6.50 you get to choose a base and three toppings plus condensed milk. For an extra dollar you can pick a trio of base flavors; additional toppings are 50¢ each. According to the server, snow ice is a cross between shaved ice and ice cream; "fluffy"she said. #itssofluffyicoulddie. I went with Thai tea as a base and red bean, lychee jelly and egg pudding as toppings with condensed milk drizzled on top. #NOM yeah. Totally finished the entire thing. By myself. Haha.

Dinner for two\/dessert for one fat mom = $24 ... scratch that... $19. #awesome.

BOTTOM LINE: cheap (owner gave us 20% off...which I gave right back in tip form), quick, tasty, great service and SNOW ICE. I'll be back.
Awesome customer service. We were in Charlotte visiting from California and I love Italian food and I loved everything I ordered!! Their buffalo chicken pizza was very good and omg their baked ziti with meatballs was delicious. My kids are picky pizza eaters and we ordered a 18inch pepperoni cheese and they ate everything! Would deff return here every time we are in Charlotte
Great place to grab a cold brew and a slice of avocado toast - so simple but it is amazing what happens when ultra ripe avocados mash it up with olive oil with crush red pepper sprinkled on top of artisanal toast.  Friendly staff & well worth a visit!
I didn't think I liked Italian food before coming here. With dairy and egg allergies, eating Italian is nearly impossible and I'm always stuck eating some sad salad with nothing but leaves, oil and vinegar. BUT NOT HERE. WOWZAHS! I became obsessed with this place after a friend took me to the Sedona location and I fell in love with it.

The pizzas are fantastic and allow me to do vegan cheese with meat to accommodate my allergies. The crust is amazing--even my anti-vegan-food-fiance thought it was decent, which says a TON. I loved the BBQ chicken pizza and the cranberry jalapeno hummus is OUT OF THIS WORLD. Try it with the gluten free\/vegan flatbread - it's super delicious and you'd never even know it was gluten-less.

The wings were a little bit too spicy and my moscow mule was a little too strong for my liking, but not enough knock it any stars. 

The vegan cheezcake is pretty dandy too! If you check in to yelp while you're there, a free coupon for one just might appear.
Wonderful smelling incense is sold at this place but that's not the only thing they sell.  I can still smell the essence of the incense at home even days after I burned it.   When you walk into Fantasia  you're greeted right away and everyone is very helpful and friendly.
This place is hit and miss. Our first visit shortly after it opened was perfect! Their S'Mores nitro was delicious and perfectly poured, the pizza was cooked evenly and loaded with tasty topping, hummus and pretzel bites spot on.  The next visit was not so great. The beers were bitter and my pizza was burned on the bottom. The other's at my table were fine though so maybe it was a one off. I will give the place another chance to live up to the first visit, but it seems like they may have a lot to iron out. On the plus side the atmosphere is fun with unique architecture and sculptures the seating is extremely comfortable and makes you want to stay forever.
The Double Shack Burger compares favorably with the In-N-Out Double Double, which is the highest praise I can conjure.
If you're looking for a meat galore, here you have it. OK service. Marinade is meh... Banchan is meh. 

The only thing that really bothered me about this whole place was the seating. For tables of 6 is was like. Low booth style. So you'd have to sit in a bench. This is just so inconvenient for when one person has to use the washroom. Additionally, there was only 1 grill for 6 people to use! I have been to other Korean Grill House locations and it was always 2 grills for the 6 of us, sometimes even 3. 

I probably would not come back here--definitely won't suggest and won't recommend but if I'm invited to a place and it happens to be this one--I'll tolerate it because I don't hate it but I don't like it either.
Great little sushi bar. Affordable and quaint. Service was exceptional and food tasted great. Their rolls are a decent size and they offer quite a variety. Can't beat the buy 2 get 1 free special. Bento boxes also come with a lot of food at a decent price. Overall, our experience was great and we'll definitely be back!
After a night out, my friends and I were looking for a place to get brunch before heading home. Luckily there was no wait here and it was a quick walk from our hotel. A seat outside or by the window will get you a spectacular view of the Bellagio fountain show. Our waitress was so nice and gave us excellent service. I ordered a protein omelette with was make with egg whites and chicken topped with avocado. It also came with some potatoes and an English muffin. It was a perfect light omelette for the trip back home!
Despite the constant rush hour\/holiday-like traffic at all times, I am slowly beginning to like this mall. How could I not when it has all the stores that I like or possibly may want to consider liking and then some. Also it's multifunctional because of its layout. It is made in the shape of a track so that you can walk around it endlessly and aimlessly, thus getting your daily workout in if you should desire.  However, I do recommend avoiding peak times as it can get pretty hectic during weekend and evening hours. There is also an adorable little train that drags the little kiddies around the mall just for kicks!  I also get a kick out of the pop-up shops\/kiosk-type stores (can't recall what they are called at the moment) that sell specialty items. Anyway, there is one that sells nothing, but duct tape. How great is that? And I mention that just to illustrate that this mall has just about everything. The eatery is huge and has a great selection of foods.I favor this mall because it's geared toward the mid-price range in its selection of shops. One thing I despise about it is the parking lot. It's deadly. However, if you can manage to make it inside of the mall, have a great time!!!
We came in with a tour group, we had a choice of fish taco,  burger, chicken masala or pasta primavera. We had a group of 63 and even though it seemed like the waitstaff was having a hard time keeping up, they were eventually able to serve us and finally get us our drinks.

They had a small Brazilian jazz combo playing, the guitar player was named Moses. We had a great time listening and dancing. 

If we were staying longer I would definatly go back to try some of the regular menu items.
Brilliant!! Just the perfect one stop shop for your once a year exams!  I'm not a fan of these exams, but this office is truly a delight.  Just moved back to town and needed a Mammogram to appease the insurance.  Everyone was kind & warm!  The office is decorated in the perfect pink fashion!  Loved it!  For the lack of hassle alone---this is where I will go!  Yes ladies---this is the place! :)
The carpet installer damaged my drywall on the stairs. They also broke my daughters dresser, used liquid nails to try and fix it, stuck it in the corner and left without telling us about the damage. My wife went to move it, the leg snapped, it tipped over on her. If that was my daughter it fell on, it would have killed her. I filed a claim with the main number and called the office several times with no answer or call back yet. This is about $2,000 in damages.
stayed there in february and i have no complaints.  room service food was tasty and satisfying.  the room was clean,  much better than the stratosphere rooms i must say. security is great, and i love cvs is right in the building. i will be going back to treasure island hotel you can guarantee that! great restaurants  and especially the seafood shack!
Went on a Friday night. I had no problem getting in because the concierge of my hotel called. The view is great. The drinks are a little bit pricey. The view is worth it.
I haven't dined at many classy establishments in my lifetime, definitely few enough to count on one hand (if not one finger). And despite my love affair with all things steak, I've only eaten steak at a restaurant once before Echo & Rig (and it was just a so-so steakhouse in Santa Barbara that I couldn't tell you the name of or anything about the meal beyond the steak was tasty.

Anyway! While visiting a friend in Vegas who takes me to all of his favorite food spots while I'm there, he suggested Echo & Rig for dinner on my last night in town. He'd never eaten there before, but passing by while walking in Tivoli Square, he, a fellow crazed steak fan, knew that he needed to eat at this classed up butcher shop.

We waited for just a few minutes for a table, but I didn't mind taking that time ogling the meats and sausages in the butcher case. Sadly, there was no one working the raw oyster bar on the first floor near the bar.

The restaurant seating is upstairs and I really loved that our server asked if we preferred the elevator or stairs. She sat us right near a big (closed) glass door and I loved having the light and view without the heat and wind of being actually outside.

Throughout the meal, the waitstaff regularly referred to my friend as Mr. Levin, which was a touch neither of us had ever experienced at dinner. Our server checked in with us many times for water and cocktails before we ordered. The best moment was when she brought out a board with some of the meat cuts on it. 20-some to 40-some ounce slabs of raw, marbled as all get-out red meat just waiting to be seared and devoured.

My friend and I had to joke about the meats being "to share" since both of us would be more than happy to take down one of those each. It was especially helpful that she explained where the different cuts come from and which ones are better ordered medium than medium rare to allow for more of the marbling to melt into the meat.

Neither my dining companion nor I are big on drinking, and wine is repulsive to me, so the vast assortment of wines here did nothing for us. The small cocktail menu on the table though caught my eye, and we ordered two drinks that actually sounded really delightful: Le Passion and a Duck, Duck Goose (how could you not?).

I can usually taste the alcohol in anything. but these drinks were phenomenal. I could taste tequila in the LR, but it was such a bright, citrusy, well-balanced drink that I liked it. I tasted pretty much no alcohol in the DDG and actually drank the whole thing.

Alongside the flat or sparkling water provided and the cocktails (only $10 each btw), I got a lemonade that was bright and tart, not too sweet at all.

We got the lamb cigars for an appetizer and they were exquisite. Not salty, the flavor was rich and complimented beautifully by the tzatziki sauce (which I tend to dislike) since it often tastes so cucumber-y, but this was a very light flavor that cooled down the spice and temperature of the lamb. The pickled red onions were fruity and sweet, not at all what I was expecting as someone who hates briny pickle flavor - they were like bread & butter style pickled onions.

My friend ordered a rib eye medium, and I a New York rare.The rare made it tougher to cut as less fat had melted into the meat, but it was still perfect to me. It was juicy and flavorful and I just savored every bite. My friend loved his rib eye and even said it was so good (along with the rest of the meal) that not being able to order 16oz. rather than 12 was totally okay.

The chips with the steak were great! They were slightly salted and peppered. Of the sauces we asked for, the brandied mushroom was my favorite; it was sweet and tangy and I want to put it on everything. I had to be careful not to drench the steak in it and just use it as a compliment. I felt the same about the charred onion, with its sweetness that could almost overpower the steak but stopped just short. My friend is a huge fan of horseradish cream and said this one had little kick, but was smooth and flavorful.

I fully expected to just ignore the mushroom Rockefeller since I really don't care for mushrooms, but it was delicious!A cooked mushroom top, topped with a crunchy breadcrumby topping. Usually the texture of a mushroom makes me gag but this was cooked to tender perfection.

We also ordered the asparagus and fried egg as a side as per our server's recommendation. Cooked until tender and no longer stringy or chewy, the asparagus sat atop a creamy green sauce and had on top of it a fried egg and shaved parmesan cheese. I would have liked a more runny yolk.

This is definitely a great place for a date or a celebratory gathering. All of the staff is so attentive, kind, and genuine. The food is out of this world.  We felt taken care of and appreciated. If anything, they didn't want us to leave without ordering dessert! For how special everything about the experience was, the price was so reasonable!
Mediocre to the fullest. Wine is overpriced for the small pour given. Bartender had no knowledge of wine list. I had the clams casino which had a great flavor but I've never had them be so small with stuffing. Also presentation was lacking with lil baby clams floating on a big plate with wilted lettuce covering most of the pla. For dinner I had an alfredo seafood dish. Alfredo had a good flavor and seafood was good, but sauce with thin, possibly old. I sat at the bar by myself and even the bartender was never around. Pretty depressing place to have dinner. The bartender was nice enough but literally did nothing but input my order and hand me a bill with an autograt on it... for one person? Insulting. I would have tipped 20% because it's habit but after that I left the autograt of 18% and gave up on this place. Dingy, dirty, not fun, and food is meh. Won't be back. You're not the only seafood in the desert. (Ahem High Tide, Angry Crab, Kona, Blue Wasabi)
although this location is no longer open, i LOVE the food here. i do wish they spoke more english though....
This place isn't as "hip" anymore,  but I find that I enjoy it more now that most of the "Real World" crowd has found Tao. :)

That being said, crowds still flock here--and rightfully so.  This is one of my favorite lounge-type-places in Vegas.  I enjoy the view and the outdoor patio the best.  Drinks aren't cheap.  The cover isn't cheap.  The line is long to get in.   So:  Arrive before 10PM, you'll go right up.  Pre-drink to keep the costs down.  

Dancing isn't allowed here, so go to the VooDoo if you want to shake it.  It is pretty much the same type of place but is a little larger.
I went on a recent Saturday afternoon looking for something new to wear that night.  Spent half hour looking at shoes, but that was a bust.  I was thrilled to find some clothes I really liked at great prices, but then I looked at the checkout line.  There was only one register open and about 15 people in line with lots of products to buy.  I gaged  the speed of the checkout -very slow- so I put my clothes back and left.  

Inadequate staffing at the register is a major pet peeve, made even more infuriating when other employees are standing around.  I just read about the handheld checkers in green shirts but I was completely unaware of them at my visit.  If they were in the store why didn't they go to the checkout line and check out those people?  No one offered to check me out as I stood there looking at the long line holding my three items.

Attention Retail managers- The last thing your employees want to do is work the register. Its your responsibility to make sure they do.  It's frustrating when an otherwise good store is ruined by bad service.
Ron Stoker and his team at Turn Key Solutions managed my property for over 2 years, when I moved from Las Vegas to New York. Ron and his associates were stellar in their oversight of my house. He secured a tenant literally the day after I moved out of my residence. There were several issues that came about while I was away, including the AC condenser having mechanical problems, the washer and dryer units working improperly and various HOA violations; all of which were responded to immediately and resolved quickly. Ron's integrity and thorough property management practices enabled me to relax, knowing my property and interests were well taken care of. I highly recommend Ron and his team for your property management and realty needs.
I have had many "not so pleasant" experiences at Frys Food and Drug, but now, they are so desperate to get customers into their pharmacy, that they are lying and cheating to do it.  From the employees of the local store at 75th Ave and Cactus, all the way up to their corporate office.  They recently sent a mailer with a coupon for their pharmacy out, which is pictured on my personal page and I will also post on Sherry's List.  This coupon say "Get $500 in Free Groceries"  All you have to do is transfer up to 10 presciptions from your current pharmacy to Frys Pharmacy and receive $50 for each one transferred.  My Walgreens pharmacy was closing it's doors at the location nearest me, so instead of taking my business to the next nearest Walgreens, I had this coupon, so I thought I would give Frys Pharmacy another chance.  (About two years before, I was using Frys Pharmacy, but when the pharmacist thought it was OK to discuss and "discipline" me in a loud voice, in front of the other pharmacy staff and the customers in line behind me, a personal medical issue and his personal feelings about it, I transferred all of my precriptions to Walgreens and never went back.)  Now, a couple of years later, I get this coupon in the mail and decide to give them another b try.  Pure LIES, FRAUD, WHATEVER you want to call it, I brought them a whole lot of business, transferring over 9 prescriptions and bringing in two new ones.  It actually took them several days to even get the first five correct, they were blaming Walgreens and the closing of one of their stores for the delay, and not being real discreet about it either, I might add.  Other people in line were listening to the clerks rant about their competitors, instead of just gracefully and graciously accepting the new business and taking accountability for their delay in getting it right.

The day I went to pick up the first five that were ready, (I had already patiently waited several days) I informed the clerk at Frys that I had been in contact with Walgrees, who told me they had also faxed over two more.  I asked her to please check if they were also there, so if they were, I could do some shopping while I waited for those two.  This clerk just didn't want to even check! She repeatedly told me that even if they were there, it would take a day or two to get them filled because of their back log.  I told her that was ok, but I at least wanted confirmation that they were there.  After several minutes of back and forth with her, she got the pharmacist to come to the window and tell me they were there, he would need a couple of days to fill them. I am not sure why the clerk couldn't tell me and had to pull the pharmacist from what he was doing, but who knows.  At the end of the day, I picked up five precriptions that day and the clerk, for whatever reason, rung them up on two receipts
  I finally got rang up, got two receipts, one showing a $50 pharmacy rewards credit and one showing the final four prescriptions with $200 in pharmacy rewards credit.  (I think what confused her is that I didn't pay for any prescriptions, because of my high medical costs this year, I satisfied my deductible AND my out of pocket for 2017 already) She told me to wait 24 hours to use the rewards, which was fine.  I went back two days later to pick up the other two prescriptions, that were already faxed in that day, but they were too busy to fill.  On that day, I was informed that the prescriptions were finally ready, but I couldn't get rewards for those because they weren't transfer in from another pharmacy.  Being sarcastic, I'm wondering where they got the info to fill them :)  She stated that although Walgreens faxed over the information,  I never filled them at Walgreens, so those ones weren't eligible!   Wow!  How did Walgreens happen to have information on prescriptions I had been taking for at least a couple of years, if they never filled them.  At this point, this was becoming way too time consuming and frustrating, so I just wanted my neficine, forget the rewards, just give me my meds so I can be on my way!!!!  Can you believe they had one medication, filled twice (yes, they had Two bottles of the exact same stuff) and she said you have to pay cash for one, because my insurance company paid the first one, but denied the second one stating it was too soon to fill!!!! Geez, ya think???? Why did they fill it twice on the same day???

BOTTOM LINE, AT THE END OF THE DAY.....ALL THAT FRUSTRATION AND DRAMA...  I NEVER GOT THE PHARMACY REWARDS.....CHECK MY PERSONAL PAGE FOR PICS OF COUPON, RECEIPTS, ETC.  I HAVE SPOKEN TO CORPORATE, MANAGERS, SUPERVISORS, ONLY TO BE TOLD THERE IS NO SUCH PROMOTION, IT DOESN'T EXIST! I HOPE IT HELPS SOMEONE TO NOT WASTE THEIR PRECIOUS TIME ON THE FRYS PHARMACY SCAM!
One of the best meals I've ever had. Our waiter was super helpful in walking us through the menu and everything he suggested was delicious- the tiradito was a particular standout. Highly recommended
I finally ate at the restaurant. I was hoping for redemption. I was very disappointed. VERY. The fries were probably the highlight, and they weren't even that great. Not as good as Burgatory's fries. I got the Hippie Burger with a black bean and falafel burger. It was pretty much tasteless.  The sauce on it was tasteless and blah. I needed salt for my burger and I don't tend to salt any of my food. Even our server was not enthused about the food. If I could give it zero stars, I would. I wanted to LOVE this place, and I just won't be coming back...
I got the almond butterfly cupcake and mom had the chocolate chunk cookie. Irresistibly good!  Great bright buzz in the small space; started chatting with Brits at a communal table with a girl reading beside us, seemingly unbothered by our boisterous tone. 

Whether you have dietary restrictions or not, I cannot recommend this tiny Harbord Village cafe & bakery enough! Nice way to spend a bit of time mingling with community dwellers on a lazy day.
I felt like my Jewish grandmother was trying to fatten me up. best smoked sable ever!
I have to say, my 5 star experience began when I callled to make my reservation. I wish I had the girls name that assisted me. She was polite and very precise. My reservation was for 7:15 PM, however, I showed up at 6:50 PM. I checked-in with the hostess and I informed her that I was a bit early, but that I was OK with waiting for 7:15 PM to come around. She politely asked for the name on the reservation and before I could say my last name, she was already gathering the menus while politely saying, your table is ready Mr. Flores. 

She passed us on to a lady (maybe the Manager) who escorted us to our table while asking us how our day was and several other questions. She was truly engaging us in conversation. As we sat down, she told a little about the menu and politely excused herself and on her way she went. Then, Jessica, our waitress arrived, and took our experience to the next level. She was funny, she laughed at my jokes, and was very informative with the menu items. She truly seemed intrigued in making sure we enjoyed ourselves\/experience. Thank you, Jessica. 

All that said, the food was amazing. I believe we had the baby back ribs, the Quesadilla with brisket, the brisket BBQ sandwich and the BBQ sausage plate. We were a party of 4 and we all truly enjoyed our food. It was beyond delicious. We'll definitely be back and hope anyone reading this review, makes their way over to Bobby Q's. 

And yes, this place is 'Primetime'!
Ate here last night with my husband, I had Mahi (our server's recommendation) and I really enjoyed it. My husband had a pizza, it looked good but I think it was really greasy - he enjoyed in though. Atmosphere is what you would expect of an older Italian restaurant with a character, I think updating it would actually take away from it's personality. Not overly impressed but definitely satisfied. Would recommend for a date night or a nice meal with family.
Yum!!!! Everything I've tried is delicious, and the staff is so nice! The owner\/chef is from Italy, and he is passionate about creating amazing food. If you dine in, you will truly see how fantastic this place is.
I  believe it could be a bit better cause the portions  were small especially   for the prices
My boyfriend and I were staying at the Cosmopolitan in mid-August from a Saturday to Wednesday. I know from my research cabanas are expensive on the weekend days which makes sense, but I wanted to try on a weekday.  We talked to the concierge and they had to call to get prices, and recommended we go to the pools to see what ambience\/vibe we liked better.  We picked Boulevard, less crazy than Marquee but more lively\/larger than the Bamboo pool.  We went to the info desk at Boulevard to inquire about prices for the next day and they gave us a card to call. Interesting. Person on the call was very nice and helpful and we booked for Tuesday.

We loved that the cost of the cabana is all in consumables, and we picked the upper level smaller cabana (just us 2) for 200 (plus tax & gratuities for a total of 261). We had a GREAT server, Laura, super cute, friendly, attentive and seemed to love her job. She was just awesome. Her relief Devin (probably spelling it wrong) was also super sweet, she was similarly attentive and nice.

We had fun racking up $200 in food and drinks, mostly drinks since the heat squashes our appetite. We had breakfast (breakfast sandwiches, an awesome fruit plate with small dish of french vanilla yogurt, regular coffee), and later had the salmon hand rolls (replaced one with tuna) which were great and then blue crab lettuce cups that were pretty good. We also got chips and salsa which they replenished, nice!  The drinks were fun, some more sweet than others and there were a few food\/drink items we only had half of since we had the 200 to spend, might as well get what you like. We both loved the Tequila Mockingbird (margarita) and Stubborn Mule (moscow mule) drinks.

The cabana itself was perfect for 2 people, maybe 3, but it would have been tight for more. There are two designated lounge chairs in front so that would help spread it out.  There is a flat screen TV so we had that on most of the time. A fridge with ice, waters was nice, plus there was a safe just like in the rooms. 

In terms of temperature, it would get a little hot as the breeze would shift, but once the spritzer things came on on the two open sides of the cabana that would help. The lounge chairs were nice but often in the sun, and we are both pale and I moved to a more shady area. It was super quiet to they let me use a lounge chair at the cabana next door.

It was a little bit of a trek to the pool, but it was refreshing, definitely more populated with the 20s-30s Vegas crowd, but likely subdued from Marquee. 

Totally reserve a cabana on an off-day! It was one of my trip highlights for sure.
Hard to find at first it seems.. Signage in the area is pretty small and the place itself was dimly lit.  Had to circle around twice to find it lol thankfully I had GPS.

Pretty cool place - didn't have to wait long to get a session in.  

The waiting area is a little drab and could use some T.L.C as it appears a little outdated and the hockey table appeared to have a missing planchett.  

Fun place the price I can't compare as it was my first time.  We got 40 laps for approximately $44.00 with taxes.
My friends and I wanted to try something new in Squirrel Hill, so we decided to have lunch at Naya. I was pleasantly surprised! It's a simple and fairly small place, but there weren't many people there, so it felt quite spacious. The manager (or owner?) was our server because she said the server didn't show up, so it sounds like they have some issues with the staff, but it didn't affect the service we got. At any rate, she gave us some good recommendations.

We got the Dawood Basha (Syrian meatballs with gravy), Sleek (kale dish), and Chicken Shawarma. The dishes also came with rice pilaf that was sprinkled with almond slivers. I thought all the food was delicious. It tasted homemade and the meal was reasonably priced. I usually give a place five stars if I start drooling thinking about the meal. I plan to go back again some time!
Had the usual CHICKEN AND WAFFLES !!! Server was great & very attentive. Thank you so much !!!
I had to pick one star, they won't let you pick negative stars. I had an appointment with this company at my house at 2:00 pm for a full detail on my truck. I had to juggle a ton of stuff to get off work and move several vehicles and a trailer so that they could go to work at 2:00. I was ready and waiting for them just after 1:00. By 3:00 they had not shown up yet, so I called and had to leave a message. I called every 30 minutes until 5:30 then gave up and moved all of my shit back where it was. I called the next day and a dozen times since then over the next week and I never received a return call. Maybe they died in a horrible wreck or something. This dude sucks...not even a courtesy call to tell me that he got tied up, or shot, or anything. Good luck to everyone else out there. 


UPDATE 8\/23\/16
This is not a fake post, just the facts of what happened. Oh, and Mario, you are the guy that I spoke with on a Tuesday, and you were supposed to detail my truck on Thursday at 2:00. No show, and you would not answer or return my calls (maybe 10-12 calls) that Thursday and over the next few days. I figured someone must have died or something, but I guess not. Whatever dude. You are in total denial or just a liar because you overbooked and could not catch up, so I got ignored, not bumped, ignored. Oh, and by the way, it cost me $120 to get off work early that day. Do you see why I am pissed? This was an important deal for me. I am done here.
We had a great wonderful time at Macaroni.  We ordered the tasting menu which was so much fun, flavorful and exciting.  Would highly recommend it.  Kristin the manager came over to make sure everything was awesome and it was!!
Been here going on 4 years great place to live. Property manager ( Veronica ) and the maintenance  staff ( Greg and Chris ) Do a very good job of taking care of the complex. Only complaint are the single pain windows which is a lot of energy loss and high electric bills. The 2 bedroom 1300sqf lots of closet space good value for the money.
I've been coming to this salon for over 9 years and I have been going to Sophia since day 1. She has done everything from cuts, highlights, color change as I kept my hair length either long or in the middle of my back. 
One day I decided to go with a asymmetrical bob cut and I absolutely love what Sophia was able to create. At first she was afraid to cut my hair so short considering she's never done this type of cut on me since I started going to her. The end results...? Well let's just say I've been asked who cuts my hair and how awesome it looks on me.  She did an amazing job. I am a satisfied customer and I wouldn't let anyone else touch or cut my hair just Sophia.
The price is affordable and the service is beyond expectation. Located in the heart of Chinatown in the 99 Ranch building complex.
What are you waiting for? Call and make an appointment with Sophia as soon as you can!
Awesome hike and scenery! The first mile or so is slightly boring in terms of terrain- just flat with gravel. The gravel can get a little tough to walk on because it's not packed down a lot, so you kind of sink into it a bit. But the views are still great during this portion. Once you come to the first rope, the fun begins! There's 8 ropes total, some are avoidable and it's easier to go down at other places, but in other spots the ropes are necessary to help you down. Some are a little tricky to maneuver, but part of the fun is figuring out how to get down. During the hike you will come across two "hot pools", or natures hot tubs as we called them. They are hot! But also very refreshing. If you plan on hanging out and relaxing in them like I saw a lot of people doing, bring a swim suit. Based on what I looked up, the water is perfectly safe as long as you don't dunk your head under. If you keep walking past the 2nd hot pool, the Colorado River is just minutes away. The views from here are beautiful. 
I personally thought the hike down was way easier than the hike back, but other people in my group disagreed. On the way down I jumped a good height off many boulders, so pulling myself back up was a little tricky in places. Looks like I need to work on my upper body strength! 
Overall, if you want a good adventure, this hike is for you! I would put about 4-5 hours aside to complete this hike, which includes time to just relax and enjoy the views and rest in the hot pools.
Dang ... finally a place dedicated just waffles ... The Bananatella and Waffledilla is awesome...
A really great meal!! I had the grilled chicken tenderloins with hash brown casserole and green beans.  I was trying to be good by getting the grilled chicken and expected it to be meh but OMG they were so tender and flavorful and juicy.  Better than prob the fried chicken! The hash brown casserole is always a hit and I am glad they offer it all day, it is the side I never ever switch up.  The green beans were seasoned perfectly and I had some the next day for lunch and they were even better.  Husband had chicken fried chicken and it was superb. I like the chicken fried steak a bunch too.  For breakfast their pancakes are soooo good.  Good service and I was glad the sales people in the store didn't push product in an annoying way that I have seen in the past.  Always a hit for breakfast lunch or dinner!!!
I purchased their Groupon and went for the first time and had Sandor. Everyone was nice enough there but everything was just ok. FYI the owner has dogs that she let's roam around which is fine me but I felt like could be a problem for others. My stylist was medium friendly which again was fine by me and he did a good shampoo and hair mask with minimal hair massage. He was super quick when it came to my hair cut which was basically trimming long hair to get rid of the split ends and then bringing back my side bangs. I told him I wear my hair straight and to do anything to make it less heavy. When it was done it looked fine but by time I got home I was very unhappy. First of all he cut my bangs straight across which is a no go for side bangs and he didn't taper them at all so they just awkwardly end. There were also random long pieces of hair in my bangs that I had to trim myself. He barely layered my hair so it all ends and poofs out. To make a long story short I will be going to another salon to get my hair fixed.
Excellent Mexican food!  They give free chips and salsa right away - so if your epic hangry and can't wait this is a great place to go.  Very nice variety of options also and plenty is non spicy and non greasy options.  Authentic, delicious, and very affordable - you can't go wrong!!
Ok locals! Love this place. If you can remember spots like Rosemary's on Sahara, or Ferraro's  on Flamingo or Grape Street on Lake Mead your going to love the neighborhood feel of this new gem. Their that good. Food amazing, bar on point, perfect date night. Perfection of wonderful ingredients takes longer than a microwave, come relax enjoy. Well worth it. Great value. Happy hour. 
"For get a bout it 
Black bean burger was delightful. Love the smash fries! Jared is such an awesome person! First time at this location and I was very satisfied. Super friendly, outgoing, and courteous.
Been going to see Rich since 2010
I thought the words honest and mechanic would never be in the same sentence.. With Deer valley car care it's true!
Most honest place we have been too!! 
This is our car fixer upper place!! 
Highly recommend
Notre-Dame Basilica is a must see while in Montréal.

If you find yourself in Montréal and want to take some time\/rest away from the bars and multitude of restaurants or if you need time to allow a full belly of poutine to digest then Basilique Notre-Damn could be the place for you. (Insert smile and moving on to the real review) 

Montreal and Quebec is known for many things and one is their rich heritage. The Notre-Dame Basilica located at 110 Notre-Dame Street in West Montréal is ornate as its namesake in Paris. Notre-Dame epitomizes Quebec's heritage inside and out with its magnificent architecture and history.

Try to make your tour when they have the evening sound and light show going on. The inside of the Basilica comes alive with color and sound as your walked through history.

 It's something that should not be missed when in Montréal and it will surly never be forgotten.  
 
Cheers!
Worst customer service ever! And I thought Canadians were nice people. If it wasn't the young one staring off into space ignoring me,that sent me away the first time, it was the big lady in her 40s who ignored me while she spoke to her friends. I think they were friends, since they weren't buying anything, and I was waiting there to buy some truffle salt, some oils ( essential oils and cooking salts=weird combo) and  a few gifts for friends. They had these shooter glasses I wanted for my tequila loving friends. But the lady in her 40s was too busy complaining to her friends about whatever.  (the young one must have floated off to space by that time) I'm sure whatever she was complaining about must have been important, because she lost at least a hundred dollar sale from me. And now her and whoever owns the shop have lost a customer for good. If the guy in the picture is the owner, the lady standing next to you should maybe take her friends to a restaurant to complain, because it's unseemly during business hours. And the young one, looks like she needs to lay off the green stuff.
I came to the store with a birthday gift that I received yesterday and i wanted to exchange it to something else and the first cashier I met said if was ok if i dont have the receipt and i could shop around for items that i want to exchange, thats what i did for an hour until i found the stuff i wanted. When i went to pay, there was another cashier named Joana and she asked me if i have the receipt and i said no but i did have the phone number of the guy who bought the gift, i gave it to her and i told her that i want to EXCHANGE the gift for the stuff that i wanted and right after i gave her the phone number, she REFUNDED the gift to the guy who bought the gift and the money went back to his card without his permission and without me asking her to do that, i told her clearly that i wanted to EXCHANGE and she refunded it. when i told her i didnt want that she said well there is nothing to do now... the money went back to the card. i asked to talk to the manager and the manager also said that they cant do nothing for their mistake. that is a very bad service, i asked for an exchange and she refunded the item and said that i cant do nothing now when its there fault.
So i came to the store with a gift and i left with nothing. The service was really really bad.
The customer service is unparalleled. Picking up or dropping off my clothes is always a pleasure.
Loved their tasting menu!! For 40$ per person we could not eat the third service ... That's how much we were full.

I booked it 3 wks in advance because we were a group of 15. 

Service was awesome, the staff was friendly.
Sometimes the food was a tiny bit too salty but still deserves a 5 :)
Our server Taisha B. was absolutely fantastic! Very on the ball.  She was so sweet; she learned that my husband is currently fighting an advanced staged colon cancer and did something special for us. Your kindness will not be forgotten! The food was great too!
I love me some Mexican food and geez are these tacos some of the best ever!! Pls try all the tacos as each one has its own unique and blissful flavors (such an explosion in your mouth). Sushi is some of the best I've ever had always fresh and flavorful. Aaron the bartender is talented behind the stick making some kick ass Negroni's and is always hospitable (after our second time in already knew our names). My first time in was Monday and have already been back Tues, Thursday and Sat (might even be going tonight after the NFL games). Lol Keep up the good work SumoMaya!! Oh and let me mention that they have happy hour and reverse happy hour 9pm-Close! Dope spot will be going back again and again!!
Seriously awesome skateshop in Charlotte. Black Sheep walks the line between the streetwear-centric shops like DC's Palace 5ive and Chicago's St. Alfred and more core shops that totally cater to actual skaters. You can get your Nike SB quickstrikes here, but you can also get a new board or trucks and have a great selection to pick from. Everyone who was in the shop when I stopped by--staff and customers included--obviously skated. Their selection of goods--especially adidas and Nike SB sneakers--is top-notch as is their board wall. Black Sheep is located in a part of Charlotte not far off the interstate that is a bit west of downtown but has a really cool arts district with a lot of galleries and cafés nearby.
Wow the burgers are great! We got the porter and lager burgers medium rare and sweet potato fries. The burgers were huge and cooked perfectly. I like both but will definitely come back for the porter burger. It was definitely one of the best I had. The sweet potato fries are amazing with that maple sauce. The service was great. I give it 5 stars.
Went here about 2 weeks ago for my boyfriends birthday and it was one of the best culinary experiences I've had. The restaurant is spacious, elegant yet cool and the food is just too much to handle! For starters we had the goat tart, Hamachi, and the suckling pig. all were FANTASTIC! The wait staff were extremely friendly and helpful. the gentleman serving us helped us navigate through the menu (as some things are quite different). For dinner we had the beef brisket, hot mess French fries, and the octopus and lobster gumbo... again phenomenal. 

High recommended, will go back!
We recently had a bed bug scare. Anthony, the owner, was more than helpful. He came out, assessed the situation, recommended a spray, and came back to do the spray himself! He was very knowledgeable and was able to answer any questions we had as well as give us tips for the future.
Great gym, solid layout, sectioned off by appro. Body part, and the best part: 

Out-to-the-standing customer service by Ms Cedar, front desk. Knowledgable, professional, great smile, and uses your name at check in. 

LP
After reading all the rave reviews my wife and I decided to give it a try. We were seated very quickly and waited on just as fast. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Our table was toward the rear where the bus boys waited to clear the next table. My wife was very uncomfortable with them standing over us. We changed seats to help with that. Our food arrived very quickly and as stated the fried flounder my wife ordered was a lot of food for a small platter. It was a little too fishy tasting for her.My blackened Mahi was very tasty but very small, good thing I stuffed myself on the hush puppies. Knowing my wife we probably won't be back.
My friends and I came to the Fremont area for dinner on a recommendation from a local and we were not disappointed. The food and drinks at Glutton were unique, well crafted and delicious. Our server was very informative and clearly proud of the menu and chefs. Highly recommend.
We went in for Mother's Day without a reservation.  The manager meet us at the door and was able to seat us right away.  Our waitress was named Stephanie and she was so awesome. She was very friendly and took the time to small talk with us even though they were crazy busy. She provided me with my free Mother's Day mimosa and gave us time to look over the menu. 

 We did the Mother's Day special and had the bruschetta, green chili burger and the BBQ burger with brownie for desert. The bruschetta was pretty good nothing to special but good.  The green chili burger was decent, the pico de gallo on the burger was a bit too much for me.  The BBQ burger was flippin amazing, I found myself hoping my boyfriend would get full so I could eat some of his (he did share).  The brownie was amazing and warm with warm chocolate drizzle that went amazing with the vanilla ice cream.
Settebello, you let me down! There was one item that I had every intention of ordering and it wasn't there. That item was a budino, an Italian pudding-like dessert. It's simple, but when done right it'll make you wonder why you haven't had it sooner.

Of course, Settebello is know for their pizza rather than desserts so I had to try one. I opted for the self-titled pie the Settebello ($13.50) with crushed tomatoes, pancetta, wood oven sausage, roasted mushrooms, pine nuts, mozzarella, basil, and evoo. The interplay of savoriness and saltiness made for excellent flavors and the pine nuts added a crunchy texture that elevated the rest of the dish. My biggest complaint was the paper thin crust under the pie. I understand the Napoli-style makes for a wet pizza with a soft, pliable crust, but the lack of density beneath all the ingredients made it appear soupy. A good pizza for sure, but my personal preference is for a firmer crust.

Without the budino, I decided to try two desserts. First up was the Dream Bomba ($5), a dense ball of caramel surrounded by a creamy and smooth peanut butter gelato and coated in chocolate. It was cut into four wedges. A solid dessert for sure, and one that you'll want to share.

The second almost made me forget why I came here in the first place. The zeppole ($5.50) were soft, warm pillowy mini doughnuts of deliciousness filled with plenty of nutella. Coated with plenty of sugar, it's a sure-fire cure for any sweet tooth. If you're sharing with a kid, like I was, make sure you get extra napkins because most of the sugar and nutella ended up all over his face.

While not quite living up to the lofty expectations I had, Settebello is a great family-friendly dining option, especially if you're craving pizza Napoletana.
I'm a fan of Wendy's.  It's usually my go to fast food place, but not this location.  Every other wendy's I have ever been to has had really fast drive thru service, that's kind of what they're known for.  Not this one.  There were 4 cars in front of me, and I noticed they kept pulling out with no food.  So I get to the window, I pay, and the girl tells me to pull up to the front of the restaurant and she'll bring my food out.  Well, I get there, and of course that's where the other 4 cars are.  So after about 10 minutes, the girl finally comes out with a bunch of bags of food.  But she doesn't know which bag goes where!  So she figures some of the orders out, comes over to me with a bag, but it turns out it was the other cars food.  So then she says sorry, she has to go get mine.  Well about 10 more minutes later, she finally comes out with my order.  It was the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen at a Wendy's.  And I will definitely never go back to this location.
Located in an Asian grocery store, and we were pleasantly surprised.
Overpriced. Not very big and you will breeze right through it. Instead of making excuses, maybe management will realize that if everyone says the same thing about pricing, then they might be the one with the problem and should therefore lower prices. This would lead to happier customers, better reviews, and more business. But I doubt they will adjust, to their own eventual demise.
Some people have said that this place doesn't need another bad review? I'm giving them one because they more than deserve it.
 
I went into their shop in Nov to look at Da Vinci dresses & find about prices for a couple styles. It took them a month to get back to me & that was after I called every week. They kept saying "Well so and so is handling it and they're not here." I finally just went somewhere else before getting any prices.
 
I ended up at I do I do in Phoenix who were more than helpful. The dresses were ordered after all my girls paid their deposits in April 2011. Unfortunately, the owner went bankrupt in July & the shop closed w\/ no notice.
 
My Maid of honor called Da Vinci directly to see how we could go about getting their dresses. They informed us they'd have to send them to another shop. They called her back & said "Were sending them to Once in a life tyme in Tempe,. I personally talked to the manager about it so when you guys call or go in, they'll know what you're talking about." That was in July. My wedding is in Sept .
 
As of 2 weeks before the wedding 2 of my girls had not gotten their dresses. One had come it 2 1\/2 weeks prior & had to be shipped to Washington DC. They insisted that they send it rather than me. When she finally got it (16 DAYS before my wedding) she sent me a picture of the label. It had been written on paper that had black squiggles all over it, her name was spelled wrong, & they sent it to "Washing DC". The other dress was ordered by I do I do after the 1st 2 so Da Vinci said it would come in a week later. Every time I or my girls called it was either busy or would ring and ring. We left countless messages w\/ sales girls for the manager to get back to us. The ONLY answer we ever got was "Uh we dont know where it is, try back next week." Finally, I went in. The shop was empty, I rang the bell. Mona came up The minute she heard my name, started apologizing profusely. She showed me the tracking label for the DC dress, & went back to get the tracking label for the other. While she was gone, I noted the utter disarray of the entire place. As well as the phone...sitting off the hook. I have a picture of it. When she finally came back she said the mgr would be up to see me. She then tried to make VERY uncomfortable small talk in which I told her about the conversation I'd had w\/ Cherish the week before in which she informed me that I should "Just wait, since were doing you a favor and all. Its not like you bought the dresses here." Mona informed me that she was Cherish's mother & she raised her better than that. She noticed me eying the phone & the minute she placed it back on the receiver, it started ringing. She answered, It was my maid from DC inquiring again about her dress. Mona pointed at me while saying "I just showed her the tracking slip it should be there tomorrow." When she hung up, it rang again. After that call she again placed it off the hook. When the mgr asked what the 1st call was about Mona replied "Oh it was about the birdcage veil girl. Not her." pointing at me. I could hear my maid on the other end, the volume was so high, she also texted me that she was on w\/ them. The mgr assured me that the DC dress would be delivered the next day as well as the other dress, she showed me the tracking slip. They said they'd call my maid the next morning to inform her that the dress would be in between 3-4 that day. They never did. She called them and finally when they actually answered they said it should be after 5. 5:22- still not here, the manager is going to UPS to get it. 6:16- shes not answering her cell phone, we don't know where she is, but she should have it. Meanwhile, my maid was told that her dress was in the mgrs (Rebecca) car.

Today I went in w\/ my maid at 4:30. The doors were locked & there was another bridesmaid who had driven in from CA (for the second time) because she was assured her dress was in. When Rebecca finally got there & opened them she yelled at us & left again to "go chase down the UPS truck". A half hour later we *finally* had the dress. Rebecca listened to our complaints and was very apologetic (too little too late IMO).

 
I'm absolutely outraged that it took 2 1\/2 months to get these dresses. The girls at this shop should have been on top of things calling them & getting them here in an appropriate amount of time. They have NEVER busy when any of my girls or I have been there, we were the only customers in the shop. My girls have less than 2 weeks to get alterations. The ONLY reason we went here is because the designer sent us here. As far as the "favor" Cherish was talking about is concerned, a "favor" would've been giving us a discount on the dresses like every other shop in town was offering to do for I do I do customers.
 
I'm writing a review of them here as well as any other website that will take reviews. Ive also drafted a letter for the BBB, the owner (who's email address I was given by Rebecca), and the designer.
Is this the last cinema in the city that isn't a Cineplex?  Boo to that, because I wanted to use my Scene card.  

Seats were so uncomfortable I had to keep shifting every three minutes to not get a butt cramp.

Popcorn good, staff friendly.  Nothing special though.
Wow this joint lives up to the hype and all the good word of mouth. Good old fashioned -deluxe, with homemade slaw!- hotdog, and real, I mean REAL good fries. 
$3 for the dog and $1.75 for fries. As others have noted, no frills feed that is incredible value, and I'm glad we went here on our first visit to Cleveland. I wish we could have tried their brekky as well, but next time!
Oregon Pinot Noir! Tonight's very affordable wine tasting with Ann Marie as our pourer\/sommelier. Best $14 you can spend! Now if only there was chocolate!
Sneaky fine print... Be sure to read their terms and conditions. Turns out I could have just gone to spirit.com and paid $20 less than what they charged me. I basically paid them $20 to do nothing... Greeaat. Pointless company, do yourself a favor and check directly with airlines before you use this 3rd party!
Absolutely do NOT use this company. It took them 10 days to fix a slab leak, leaving us with no hot water. They then proceeded to steal 1,800 in a termination fee after I was told there was no termination fee with a notice. Lucy Mena is clueless don't listen to anything she says it is not true. Monalisa is absolutely full of it as well they will tell you one thing and do another. Chad is about the only useful person with that company. Please Please Please you have been warned save money and go with a different company.
My wheaten Gracie runs to the groomer when I take her to the shop. Further,  I have always been happy with the way she looks when she comes out. Perfect! These guys are always on time for intake and pick up which I really like. I highly recommend Happy Tails.  Mostly because my dog seems to love it unlike my last wheaton who hated going to the groomer.
So everything I've ate here has been well cooked, seasoned, and delicious! That goes for cheeseburgers, Philly cheesesteaks, chili cheese fries, fried zucchini, mozzarella sticks, etc. I love the fact I can get an ice cold beer also. My only complaint is sometimes it takes a little long but in the end it's worth the wait. My aunt and uncle love the place so much they had a private party there for their anniversary. Hahaha! Keep it up Great Links and my belt will get tighter.
Super yummy.  We ordered a cheese pizza, wings and cannolis.  Will definitely go back.  Everyone was very nice behind the counter.
Great service, great food. Our waitress was very nice. I love their fries and love even more that they are bottomless. They would have gotten 5 stars but I swallowed a lemon seed that was hiding on the bottom of peach tea and i think its still stuck in my throat. LOL
I called this location before I arrived to make my exchange. They told me they had the item I needed to replace in stock but when I arrived they did not. 

The assistant manager looked up the item in the system and found it at Fairview Mall. They called the store and explained the situation to Fairview's manager who put the item on hold. 

The assistant manager at this location explained employees aren't supposed to call other stores for their customers, which I found kind of odd. The employee was trying to insinuate they were doing me a huge favour. 

With my customer service background, I would expect any store to call another location as a common courtesy, so I thought that was weird. 

Originally I was going to give this location two stars but the assistant manager definitely helped me have a smooth exchange at Fairview Mall, so I am happy with the outcome and have bumped up the rating to three stars.
It took me two years but I finally tried something beyond the spinach dip and prime rib!!! The bbq ribs are wonderful. Tender, perfectly cooked and really good bbq sauce. I have never had bad service here and the food is always perfect. Charleston's impresses me everytime I go. I even stop for takeout for dinner sometimes and just get a spinach dip. It is pricey but for great food and consistently good service it is worth it.
Out of towners. Tried this place based on reviews on Yelp. We had Salmon teriyaki, beef teriyaki, dumplings, and a taro snow. Good prices. Great food! Clean restaurant.
Two stars for the help.  Waiters standing around running their hands through their hair.  Rubbing the face and eyes. When you are wait staff and serving people I think that's unacceptable.  The food is excellent.
Couldn't be happier ! Special order on a new bike, a jumbo frame, no problem. The bike was ordered, built and in my hands in 5 days. Very professional husband and wife team. Great service and fair price. I have found my new bike shop.
This was my first encounter with wax figures and it was okay. The figures were hit or miss. Some were spot on (Halle Berry & Johnny Depp) others were not even close (J-Lo & Matthew Mcconaughey). At the end of the day they are just pieces of wax and while its cool to see how you measure up to your favorite celebrity, it get old about half way through the museum. I would not recommend going if you must pay full price. If you got a coupon or the Vegas Power Pass check it out.
This place scratch up our BMW and we spoke to Gabriel. He said it wasn't his car wash yet our vehicle was immaculate before we came in. I went to check my truck since my wife's car was damaged and I have fresh scratches on my truck too! We called corp but had to leave a message. We will be emailing and writing them! Only one of my 10 pics are showing up.

Response to "unconscious manager"
That's a lie. My wife's BMW was immaculate before taking it to your car wash. My truck had brand new scratches that I would not have noticed until my wife showed me her X5! You weren't even there. You damn sure ain't a manager talking sideways like that. That's why you guys have an average of 2 stars! You need to shut that place down.
My lettter to united regarding online and phone reservations:
I have an issue with your website. I looked at booking tickets from PHX on Friday. At 11:15am, PST, I started my process and spoke with a lady named Jem. She said book online after answering my question. So I get online and find the flights home for $490 per person. I begin my booking and about 10 min later after entering information for everything including payment, I press "process" and I get an error message. So I proceed to wait half an hour and try again. This goes on until 1pm then I'm back on the phone with customer service because I can't get the website to process my payment. In the 45 minutes I'm on hold I finally receive the answer that the price has now changed to 636, then in 10 more minutes its 690 per person. What is wrong with United, this is dishonest, I start booking a flight for one price and have to pay another because my payment won't process online. Finally, the lady tells me she has escalated my issue and I'll receive a call back in 24 hours. That never happened. Today, Tuesday Sept 17th, I try again to book online at the $490 per person price and receive the same error. So I get Shea, employee ID 1-L, who after 23 minutes has no explanation as to why I see $490 but can only offer me $596 per person. This is the most ridiculous online booking process and worst customer service I have ever experienced with an airline. I wish I had a choice in airlines, but United is contracted with Great Lakes to fly into my hometown. Finally, after 23 minutes of arguing, Shea transfers me to Lisa in the ".com" dept. Lisa is professional in hearing out my problems and resolves them in the next half an hour. Consider fixing your website via I.T. and empowering your employees, like Shea, to resolve issues as Lisa is able and you'll retain business instead of lose it. In fact, she's the only one I would hire for my personal business. I'm extremely disgruntled by United and can't be the only customer upset by such service.
The food here is absolutely delicious!  I'm obsessed with this restaurant.  The staff is so friendly and the owner is regularly there and makes it a point to make sure his customers are taken care of.  I love this place!
Nothing to add to the previous reviews. It's the best place to get passport photos taken.
Great place for tacos on the go! One of the best tacos I've ever had. Unfortunately I was warned before eating here about the rude staff... They were right. The food was as good as the staff was rude. Very rude for no reason! "Excuse me, DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU WANT YET!?" - I'm sorry but I've never been here before and was reading the menu. Ps- there were only two people behind us
So much better than my last visit. Service was awesome and so was there food. I'm glad I gave this place another chance I will definitely come back to eat here again. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch at the anniversary party and had a decent band. I would like to see some more variety with their crafted beers
Every time I eat here I am never disappointed. The food is delicious, the staff are friendly, and overall is always a great experience. Their house specialty, the shaken beef, is an absolute must to try. Definitely give Saigon Kitchen a visit if you're in the neighborhood.
When they gave us our order, which was green chili plate, half of it was cold. We asked if we could exchange it with something else and we would pay extra and they refused. We asked for the persons name who refused to exchange it out and then also refused this. While eating the plate we found hair in the rice and showed the employee and then she said she can't believe us now. When they first opened they were great. The employees they have now are worthless for the $10 an hour they are getting paid to mess up our food. We will never come here again.
Three of us had tapas in the bar at 6:30 on Friday night.  We ordered a combination of seven small and medium dishes and eight drinks.  The bill for all was a very reasonable $107.  
Our favorite dishes were the Brussel Sprouts, Chicken Kabob, Patatas Bravas and Serrano Ham Plate, but the Crispy Chicken, Mini Taquitos, and Fish Tacos were also excellent and more than we could finish.  
Service in the bar was good, but even the waitress from the dining room came by to speak with us as did the owners.  We particularly enjoyed the fabulous Flamenco guitarist, Ricardo Griego.  
Altogether, this was a satisfying and enjoyable evening.  We will return!
Yelpers did not lead me astray with the raving reviews! $30 deep tissue was the best money I've spent. David (same name as my husband) worked on my knots. Couple of times had to ask to dial down the pressure. He was good at checking if everything was ok or not.

The order of the massage was different than those I've gotten in Houston but today's worked well.

Definitely need to be on the list when back in Vegas again!
The place is beautiful, really feels like apt.200.
Ive been 3 times now and my experiences at Kampai started from great to horrible.
The food is great but really is like overpriced izakaya food. The drinks taste cheap which is not something you expect from such a beautiful bar. 
Most importantly, the last time I attempted to go, they rejected a reservation for a close friend's birthday party. What kind of place accepts a birthday reservation then doesn't let the guests in? It really shows the lack of structure from this place! 
Really wanted to like you Kampai, but youre so disappointing.
Went there last night. Wasn't thrilled with the place.
When ordering , I asked what was in one of the soups and the girl couldn't answer. She didn't know .
Well I ended up ordering lentil soup which was just ok. I would never order that again
Then I ordered classic gyro . The serving size was huge. But it was just ok. I will not order it again. Was too thrilled by it.
I suggest if u go there , stick to a basic sandwich .
I wasted my $20 last night. But hey, one learns from experience.
Went in for lunch yesterday. Been before with work folks but first time with Mrs. Love the atmosphere and Patrick took really good care of us. They put a little different spin on the turkey club and the burger. Both very tasty but not traditional. I have also had the steak salad and the Cobb salad which are also very good. Overall good stuff and we will be back.
Yum! Came here for my birthday dinner a couple of weeks ago and was super pleased. I was worried that it wouldn't live up to the hype, but it was delicious!

We did the Omakase premium menu, so I'm not going to bother reviewing every item since it changes, but everything we had was so fresh, perfectly prepared, and delicious. The sashimi was so fresh and flavorful that even my boyfriend, who literally eats microwave chicken and broccoli for dinner most days, could tell the difference between it and what we get at any other Japanese restaurant. 

Service was great, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. I'm sure everything came out of the kitchen as soon as it was prepared, but the pacing was kind of odd - the first few courses came out with lots of time to spare in between, then all of a sudden all the meat dishes came out at once. 

I'm sure I'll give this a 5-star review when I come back, but if you read my other reviews you'll find that I have a policy that only repeat excellent performances get 5-star reviews - there's a lot to be said for consistency :)
Went in to use WiFi, it did not work. Sent a note via my Square receipt that I would not be coming back. Here's the reply I got,"GOOD". What a terrible attitude. Absolutely will not support a business with such an attitude. Wish I could give them 0 stars.
A sister shop of Monta. They serve a variety of ramen (they have a noodle machine in the shop) and many other common items that you may find at a typical ramen shop such as Kimchi fry rice, pork belly bowl, etc.. The ramen is not as strong\/flavorful as Monta but still very good. If you like ramen but feel Monta is too strong\/oily\/salty to your taste, you will most likely love this place.
I went here for spider vein removal on my legs. Dr. Bashy is very nice and made me feel completely comfortable with the procedure, which is a huge thing since I am not a fan of needles. I had 2 treatments and all of the superficial spider veins are gone and my legs look great again. I would highly recommend his office for sclerotherapy.
Barely any trees. No statute of liberty and it's called liberty park. It lacks food as well . Come tell me when i can eat boneless wings on my walk in the park and I'll reconsider my opinion
The restaurant was closed to the efforts of the anti-smoking Nazi's. The beer is still great but I miss the food.
I've been going to Club Red ever since they were down by the 101. I was a fan of the original location for being a small, cheap concert venue, so I was a little skeptical when they decided to upgrade and move over here (which is a little closer to my place, so that's pretty cool). My first time there was when a band called Devil City Angels played there. I'm kind of big on hair metal and was aware of some of the people in the band, and even their opening band was Femme Fatale, and Nita Strauss and Courtney Cox were in the band, and I'm a fan of them. They had V.I.P tickets for the show, which isn't really my thing, so I got regular general admission which was pretty cheap. Most Club Red shows I've been to have easily been under $25. The front of the stage was barricaded for the VIP with tables set up. General admission was barricaded up to the sound guys, so we were at about the mid part of that venue, which still weren't a bad viewing area. There weren't very many people at all in the general admission, I've even noticed James Kottak (drummer for Scorpions) and Warrants singer in the VIP, so I assumed they had a lot of close friends fill up the front. The sound wasn't at its best, but I don't expect much professionalism in venues like this. 

I've seen a few other shows since this one, some had VIP, but the front wasn't barricaded like my first show there. I don't know if they did away with that, or if it just depends on the band. The VIP was mostly for early entry\/meet and greet, but anyone could be up front. The best show I've seen there was back in December with Omnium Gatherum, Leaves Eyes, and Sonata Arctica. I'm not a fan of SA, but I wanted to see the other two live pretty badly. The bands and the sound guys were at their best this time, and it's my favorite show at that new Club Red so far.

As for security. I don't if people have bad days or not, or if its because I'm a very chill person, but I have never, in all my shows at this and the original location, have had any bad experiences with security. The check in process is always quick and smooth and I haven't had any confrontation with them, so I really don't see the big deal since most are just doing their jobs. 

The bar, well, I'm not a big drinker, I mostly stay at front of the stage for the whole show, including getting there early to see every band. I find bars (especially concert bars) expensive, I mean $4-$5 for a little can of beer is kind of, meh for me. Plus drunks at shows are kind of an annoyance for me, good thing most of them stay at the bar area anyways.

If there is one knock on the place that would make it even better is if they either got better sound equipment, or a better sound guy. The Sontata Arctica show sounded excellent, but some others have been kind of down. But still, its not a big deal breaker. I've seen worse shows, sound wise, at a concert stage outside of a casino before lol

So overall, this place is still my favorite venue for a concert. I rather spend $20 and see a band play at the front of the stage, than see a band at a big arena, and spend $40+ for nosebleeeds. People shouldn't expect much, when most of the shows are under $30, but its quite an experience if you truly love concerts and music, and want to enjoy music. If you just want to drink and get drunk, just go to a dive bar lol
Alright food, pretty small lunch menu, and poor service. For lunch on a Monday there was only one waitress to a pretty sizeable crowd. The menu doesn't identify that fries are extra and the amount they give is adequate. Would not go here again.
This is my new go to place when I'm in town!  Clean, quick but not rushed, and skilled nail techs. Daniel and T helped me out with gel nails and a pedi.  Beautiful,  even work on my very short nails!
This place is awful. 

Going in, it smelled great and we were excited to try a new Korean BBQ place. But --things went downhill FAST. We were sat quickly since it wasn't crowded. We were almost immediately ready to order. The waitress took our order (a meat combo, volcano rice, and the table side seared short rib) The waitress told us NOT to order the volcano rice because she can only do it at the end of our meal?! (Made no sense) she was obviously lazy and didn't want to prepare it. Whatever. We obliged since we were hungry. 

If I overheard my employee down selling tables, I'd be enraged. 

Upon sitting down, the grill had side bowls of a a mayonnaisey corn salad and unidentifiable sauce. We later found out it was egg. It didn't look or seem like eggs because it never cooked! It was a soupy raw egg mess. I'm not a fan of salmonella, so we didn't even touch it. 

She put our first beef dish on the grill and unenthusiastically pushed it around. She wouldn't let us flip the meat so it would evenly cook. She announced that the first course was ready to eat. It wasn't. It wasn't rare, it was gray and raw. 

Repeat x2 with the rest of our meal. The waitress even turned off our grill before we were done! They weren't even close to closing time! So rude. 

We made it though, picking at what looked tolerable, 
and left asap... so we can go home and eat good food!

The food was loaded with MSG too. I left itchy and sneezing. I had maybe 5 bites of food. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. They even serve their HOT tea in plastic highball soda cups! Gross. 

We were also never offered the included dessert, which was fine by us. It probably would've been melted ice cream or worse. 

Never again. So disgusted. There are too many great Korean BBQs to waste time going here.
This store is insanely busy all the time, so getting in and out can be a little bit chaotic. I'll say that Andrew at the genius bar did a great job fixing a problem for me that another tech there repaired and apparently didn't check on, so if you can request him, I certainly would.
I love Samosas and if you can offer me the different types at one place, that is an awesome experience. I took about 48 of them for a party at my place and I mixed and matched them. The guests liked them and so did I. The Chicken Samosa and the Spinach one are my favourites. They also offer different kinds of Chutnies. Given they are the sultan of samosas, I would expect them to keep "innovating" and present a "new type" of Samosa now and then that I wouldn't see anywhere else (example Mint, Mushroom, Cocktail).  After all, if you are named Sultan, you got to live up to the expectations!
So went to Jammin jerk hut and wasn't impressed so decided to try Tasty Island on visit to Vegas. Family is Jamaican so I know what the food is suppose to taste like, also lived in Jamaica for 16 years so I should know what I am talking about. So walked in and the lady at the counter looks like she is in another zone. My mom tried to be talkative to her but she could hardly stand to respond. Now on to the food. We had some soup red peas and chicken soup. The chicken soup had everything but chicken in it and no taste and the peas soup had everything except meat as well. Ordered patty and coco bread HORRIBLE is all I can say. Then my daughter had calaloo and salt fish and it had no taste. There was also rum cake, it was just okay. The only thing that was good at this place was the tamarind balls that come already packaged that were like $1.50 each. It was a waste of time and money going to this place. They need a real Jamaican restaurant in Vegas. I read reviews on Yelp before I even went to this place and decided to come up with my own opinion. Not sure how others rated this place 4 stars but to each there own. My taste buds was not wow'd.
This is my favorite burger restaurant. I live in LA but every time I go to Vegas (which is quite often) I have to grab a burger here before coming home. My favorite is the Miyagi-San but I can't say I've had an underwhelming burger here. All the flavors with each burger work well together. I can't wait for the LA location to open so I don't have to drive 300 miles to get a good burger ;)
This is my go to place whenever I come by to visit my family! They literally have the best Thai food in town, from their house fried rice to their Curry, there is so much wonderful flavor that comes with each of their dishes!

I highly recommend trying their Gata Thai Fried Rice as it's cooked so amazingly well. Throw in some of their amazing spring rolls and you're really rolling in paradise! I usually grab these two items to go which comes out to about $16 so it can be a little pricey but you're paying for quality Thai food which is unmatched in the vegas or Henderson area. 

The servers and cashiers are very nice and prompt, I wish they wore name tags so I knew who to thank but I can honestly say I've had good experiences with em all.

Great little business that oughta have more attention, and looking forward to my next plate of fried rice soon!
Basils definitely deserves all 5 stars !!! Hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte ! The downtown location will always be my go to location when I am in need of Thai.

Before Basils was established in Charlotte my family and I would drive all the way to Charleston for a day trip to eat at Basils. 

Here are my top 5 picks at Basils:

#1 Pad See-Eu with beef: great noodle dish with a semi sweet brown sauce and broccoli. 8 times out of 10 this is the dish I order.

#2 Neua Nam Tok- yes it's an appetizer but it's one you don't want to skip. The marinated steak is amazing and switch the cabbage for lettuce! 

#3 Ginger with Chicken and White rice- pretty much an amazing stir fry with great flavor.

#4 coconut chicken soup- not too much coconut flavor so don't be scared to try it ! It's amazing !! 

#5 Red curry- this dish is still great even though it's last on my list. I just can't make everything #1 :)
Interesting dessert tour in the pink Sherman tank style jeep things.  Well built. And very nice driver.  The drive was bumpy and it threw us around. But that was part of the deal we signed on to.  Just be ready for a rough and tumble drive.  

My wife was not thrilled, and there were some very uncomfortable moments, but worth it in the end, if you like being outside in 100 degree weather - and we do.

We took the tour of the dessert, the trip to Hoover dam was too long for our plans.  But the dessert was beautiful and the woman driving was very knowledgeable.
It was insanely busy for a Wednesday ($3 Tequila Tastings Night) night. I didn't feel like sitting at a table so I sat at the bar and ordered a drink or two (Granada Sangira & Winterberry Margarita LURVED IT) and looked through the menu. There isn't a lot of options for food but everything that came out looked amazing from what I could see. I asked the bartenders, who by the way are extremely friendly and helpful, what the soup of the day was. Lobster Saffron Bisque. I decided what the hell let's go for it. Out in came in this huge ass bowl. It was definitely a lot larger than what I expected good enough for two people to split. It was good but I don't think I could finish an entire bowl of it. I took it home. Next on the menu that I order was the Yucca fries. Nothing special I couldn't survived without it. Last but not least the flour-less chocolate cake. Dear god (or whomever resides up above), thank you for chocolate and thank you for that delicious cake. All in all my experience was good. Definately going back again with a group of friends!
I have had a loan with this company twice, and I thought the process would be easier the second time but they put me through the same hassle as the first. I really needed the money so each time I followed through after all I already spent a few hours going through the process anyway. After getting approved for not even half the amount you ask for, even if you want to extend your loan meaning get a increase they will put you through the same hassle as applying for a regular loan the first time. I thought since with any good company customer loyalty matters and the process would get easier, yeah not with them your customer loyalty means nothing, so if your in desperate need of even a small amount of money like I was I DO NOT recommend going to them, to be honest I think they take a racial preference on who they want to loan to, because before I actually got my first loan, I went a few years back to another location of their's and the rep denied me because she claimed my bank (Chase at the time) was out of state. I was like how do I control where they have their corporate company. I was so upset, because even then I had already been there a few hours for her to them come up with that. Bottom line if you need quick money, and have all your resources together I recommend you going to Cash1 or 1stop, of even PLS check cashing will treat you better than them and within less time.
they are pretty good oh my lord Murphy Bob n Doug Mackenzie, yeah check these guys out you will like it I bet maybe.
Has been great every time I've eaten here. The tuna poke with the seaweed salad & ginger dressing was on point. I'll be back.
I love Gerardo's.  Hardest working man in the business.  I've been going to him for almost two years, I'm always in and out within 30 minutes with a fresh cut.  Real cool spot
Always friendly, and helpful staff! My teeth are doing great, and I now know how to take the best care of them. They also have the newest technologies to look at your jaw and teeth, which makes me feel secure about my treatments. So glad I found them!
This is the slowest drive-thru ever. This is crazy they cannot even get my child's food right, come on people. I need to convince my child to stop eating this food. Its not good for her growing body. Never again am I coming to this location, ever.
Slow and everything was wrong.
After hearing about Pai as the latest must-try Thai food joint, a visit ensued. It's a fairly decent sized restaurant, though busy enough on a Thursday night that there was a wait, tucked in the sub-level of a building off of Adelaide (and around the corner of the well-known and beloved Khao San Road). 

My date and I started with the grabong as an appetizer. The deep fried squash fritters were piled high and came out hot with a side of delicious garlic tamarind dip. For two people it is quite a lot of fritters, and definitely enough to stimulate the appetite of a larger group. 

I opted for the Chef Nuit Pad Thai with chicken as my main and it definitely did not disappoint, especially at their "foreigner spicy" level of heat. It ranks amongst the more delicious pad Thais I've had in my life, though I've yet to visit Thailand for the 100% authentic stuff (grain of salt, if you so please). 

My date had the Khao Soi with braised beef. Having had this dish from Khao San Road many times, I have to say that the Khao Soi from Pai was nothing more special than from Khao San Road. Nevertheless, it was still delicious and the beef was oh-so-tender, you can't go wrong ordering it.

The service was decent during our visit. The server was attentive enough to refill our water glasses when they were looking empty, even though they left our table with a water carafe to help ourselves when needed.

The atmosphere at Pai is different from most Thai restaurants I've visited. From hearsay and others who have visited Thailand, it resembles a market or street from which you would eat authentic Thai food with it's weathered wooden tables and dim lighting. The crowd was mostly young patrons, but there were a few older parties dining as well.

I would recommend trying Pai if you can make a reservation, otherwise the wait times can be quite lengthy.
Clean, but on the worn side.
During peak hours, the line can be long, kind of hard if you in the rush to catch a plan.
All I can say is I'm very sad there is not one of these in the Bay Area . I may or may not have came here a couple times In a couple of days before I left back home . So amazing!!!
Attendants rushed us to get on the plane saying we had 1 minute before they gave away our seats. I had to get my husband to leave food behind that was paid for and about to be served just to have them make us wait  another 5+ minutes. (As our order was called out directly across the way) We actually boarded and took off 10 minutes early. The plane was small and felt cramped. Flight was super rough and bumpy. The seat was comfortable enough though. Flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco.
I called Rent-A-Friend Labor Services the day before I needed to do a move from a 2nd story one bedroom apartment in Chandler to a residential home in Tucson.  I had called around 8 other moving companies at that point and told John I was still in the process of "shopping around".  He gave me an amazing quote and said I could call as late as midnight to let him know if he would be needed the next day.  

He ended up being the best deal by far.  Most companies either weren't available for another 2-3 weeks or quoted me anywhere from $700 - $1200 to move a one bedroom apartment 100 miles. I thought those prices were ridiculous considering I had already packed everything and would just need my furniture items covered up and safely transferred without being scratched.  John gave me a quote of $300 worst case scenario.

The next day he called ahead of time to let me know when he was on his way and was right on time for the time we had scheduled.  He was very delicate with my furniture.  One particular wooden bar table I have is extremely delicate and very expensive and he treated it with care.  It was transferred with no scuffs or scratches. 

He was super friendly and communicated with me throughout the whole process.  It had rained the night before so it was a hot, humid morning in Chandler but he worked non-stop. Including drive time, the entire move took only 3.5 hours. 

Overall, I found working with John to be extremely easy and fast.  He was friendly and diligent throughout the entire process.  I HIGHLY recommend using Rent-A-Friend.
Feb 18, 2017 - I always drive by this place since it is right around the corner from my house. Decided to take my 3 daughters and myself to get our nails done. This place got us in and took great care of all of us. Our nails turned out amazing!  They were super friendly and took great care of my teenager, and the 2 younger girls. Plus my nails turned out AMAZING!!! Definitely visit this place when you need some pampering and bring your kids. They love being pampered too!
The low rating is not for the cake, as I didn't really get that far, it's for the so-called "customer service." A friend referred me to get cakes for my 40th birthday party, a huge deal for me. The woman who was tasked with helping me acted as it was just that, a task. She acted as though I was inconveniencing her and that she would literally rather be anywhere else than where she was at that moment. I walked in excited because I have never had such a big party planned for myself and I was excited to see the choices. Even though I asked about other types of cakes, she only wanted me to choose from 8 or 10 that were on the website, dessert cakes. I then saw all of the different types of cakes on the video monitor in the main lobby and asked her about those, because that was more along the lines of what I wanted. She again told me that they were on the Internet and essentially, I could go on the Internet and order them. I then asked if she had any kind of sample book and she very reluctantly showed it to me, claiming that they pretty much didn't even have those cakes anymore and essentially, I could order what I want it on the Internet. She then tried to rush me through the order and when I told her that this was an important decision for me and I needed more than a minute, she said something along the lines of, "well I guess I'll go do something else then."  Her demeanor, actions and words all told me, "I don't really want to work. Order your cake on the Internet." Running out of time and having liked two of the samples that I had tried, I did try to order my cake on the Internet. However, the ones I wanted, the fancy ones like I saw on the screen, advised I had to contact the bakery itself. In fact, I could not order what I wanted online. Thankfully, my boyfriend has found a last-minute replacement and someone who appreciates my business will be making beautiful cakes for my celebration.
I'm visiting from San Francisco and this is better than or equal to any Japanese izakaya I've been to at home. 

Standouts:

Hamachi grapefruit 
Sous vide duck with grilled lettuces 
Shiromi carpaccio with focaccia
Awful, awful, awful...  The worst of the worst of the cookie-cutter Chinese restaurants.  Food without flavor, a menu without imagination and a staff of such profound indifference it's hard to tell they're even there.
Visiting from out of state. Hands down the worst service I have ever experienced at a restaurant in my life. Took forever to take our order and then a very long time to bring our food. The wait staff were frantic and running around all over the restaurant like chicken's with their heads cut off. I ordered sushi and specifically asked for no eel or eel sauce and both of my rolls came at two different times covered in eel sauce. The menu didn't even say that the food came with eel sauce. I'm at a loss for words. Maybe this was an anomaly but I won't be returning.
Exceptional personalized service by the server\/manager . The spicy edamame was delicious & they have good low-carb options. Great location in he centre of the Biltmore shops. Nice outdoor patio with misters
What a lovely discovery. Had planned breakfast meeting at Butters next door, but a 20 minute wait changed those plans, ended up at Village Coffee Roastery instead. Never been and now a place I must return to. First and foremost, the people working the counter were super friendly and helpful, a nice change from the chain coffee places in my neighborhood. My cappuccino was better than what I normally get at the neighborhood chain coffee houses, and that alone is worth the return trip. Liked the somewhat eclectic vibe of the place with the mismatched chairs and artwork. Has a nice outdoor seating area, that is probably fabulous in our cooler months. Definitely will be back to try out the food and relax with a good cup of coffee.
This is the best Chick-fil-A in my opinion (closely followed by Willoughby) the food is always great and I've never had them mess up an order. The service is the best part, everyone that works here is super accommodating and nice.
Was told it would be extra to "remove my calluses " I didn't have calluses- I had the typical very low grade rough heels- you know the prickly not smooth skin you get wearing sandals all summer. What total bs. I've been getting pedicures for 30 years - been to a million salons and have never heard such bull$hit as charging extra to run a rough sponge over my heels- of which is always done regardless. Because I politely told him no- just the regular pedicure- I swear he purposely did not EVEN rub the sponge over my heels- AT ALL!! cause you know if he did- my rough skin would have been gone. I was floored. The regular rub every other salon would have done (with no extra charge) would have smoothed out my rough (NOT CALLUSED) skin. Left feeling duped and pissed. Will never return here ever again.
I have read some of the reviews for this store and they are totally inaccurate .This store has the nicest and most knowlegeable staff from the management to the sales associates especially the ladies that work in the garden area , Karen the cashier and Sylvia the garden supervisor and they are always helpful whenever I come in .I know they are both going to retire in the next year or two and so I hope they find someone as nice as these two women because they  make  it all that much more worthwhile to come to this store because you always get a friendly conversation and Karen always gives me pretzels .These two women are on their game and I love all the other garden specialist that work their and sorry ladies if I do not know your names and I apologize for that but you know who you are .
I ate at Caffe Siena on January 21st for Charlotte Restaurant week.  I always like to try new places during restaurant week and our group of 4 decided to give this place a try.  The menu looked good and we gave it a try.  We were promptly seated and greeted by our servers (one was training that night - though at times it was tough to tell which one it was).  We were given the restaurant week menus as well as wine menus.  The wine menu was fairly short and nothing really jumped off the page at us.  I asked about beer selection and was disappointed that they only carried the standard domestics and imports.  Many restaurants around Charlotte have begun carrying more craft beers, but this one is behind on the times.

Two of us had the sea bass cake and the other two had the lobster bisque.  The sea bass cake is touted as "award-winning" and while it was good, it wasn't anything fantastic.  The lobster bisque was a bit underwhelming with the amount of lobster included, though flavor was good.

I had the duck breast as my entree and thought it was cooked very well and was accompanied by a nice port wine reduction.  The cous cous and vegetables were somewhat bland and only made better by combining them with the sauce.  Everyone else had the filet and grilled shrimp and they all cleaned their plates.

For dessert I had the creme brulee and it was ok, but a little over done on the top.  It should be a nice brown, not black on top.  Everyone else had the Nutella crepe and I think they were a little disappointed with it.

The service was mediocre.  The waitresses were prompt with our food, but weren't real knowledgeable about things.  For example, I asked her to validate my parking and she signed the ticket.  I figured this was not right, and asked the host about it and was given proper instructions on going to the front desk (it's in the Holiday Inn) and have them scan it.  I would expect a waitress who is training another waitress to know something like that.
Visited this place for a late dinner after touring Edinburgh for the day. It was a good choice...the bartender sassed me just the right amount for my lack of knowledge about literally any Scottish beer\/ale, but then gave me tastes of everything he had on tap he thought I might like (and he was cute...always a bonus!). The burger I got was good, and it seemed like it would be a pretty fun place to watch a football game also. Would definitely go back!
One star is being generous after the horrid service I received. You've been warned. Food is just ok, tends to be under seasoned or over seasoned. But their attitudes are the worst. I will never be back and will never recommend this place. I was treated disrespectfully and with no hospitality, they do not put the customer first here. No one there has a clue what hospitality is, except the kind bartender. Future advice to them: When a customer does not get what they ordered and is very upset over the order; you accommodate them, and offer a refund and ask if they would like something else. You do NOT ask "have they tried it?" Or correct them and then argue with them! Also, this is the 21st century a website would be a good idea. One of the women there is the rudest woman I have ever interacted with, she made the whole experience horrible from start to finish.
Had lunch here with Mom a few months ago- calamari app and a pie.  Calamari was alright, nothing to rave about, and certainly not something I'd order again.  Plus, the batter contained cornmeal (corn allergy), and I'm not a fan of anything that contains cheap ingredients, esp. those that do great harm to people's health!  The pie wasn't memorable at all- I cannot even remember which one we had- it was that mediocre.  The first pie was charred all over, why it was allowed to leave the kitchen and served on a table, we'll never know.  I do give management some credit since they quickly replaced it with a better-looking, yet non-scintillating pie that had more dough than toppings.  Strike three: the noise level was ridiculously high, and the restaurant was only at 50% capacity.  You won't find me dining here on a weekend night based on the terrible acoustics alone.  No, you won't see me spending my money here again.
So Good! We started with the bang bang shrimp and it was the perfect size for two people. I got the seabass based on the reviews and I am so happy that I did. I love fish already and for those of you who do not like fishy taste the seabass is for you. This tasted like a steak to me. I got the lemon butter sauce and used that on my fish as well as the asparagus and broccoli I received for my sides. The seasonal veggie was zuchinni and tomatoes; but I have a tomato allergy so I paid the extra for the asapargus. I am giving Bonefish 4 stars because our waitress was not very good. She disappeared for quite a while and took awhile to return our drinks and water.I will return.
Le café du Couteau est très bon et l'endroit sympa, la décoration est épurée, meublée de tables et bancs en bois, parfait pour travailler ou discuter autour d'un café mais pas assez "confortable" pour s'y installer avec un bouquin ou pour simplement regarder les gens qui passent durant des heures, de plus la connexion internet n'est pas des meilleures donc si on veut s'y poser pour travailler avec son ordinateur, il ne faut pas trop y compter.
I loved coming here up until today. Penny took great care of us when we would come almost weekly even when we got so some food catered for our Party. 
Today was just a shady experience overall. And of course our Favorite server Penny is off. The guy who greeted us seems like he didn't want to be there prior to greeting us, he was actually outside the restaurant front door smoking. We weren't quite ready to order yet at the time  so a little later a lady took our order. We ordered Bistek and Bangus but my husband accidentally ordered the Inihaw instead of his favorite Daing (Fried Bangus) my husband doesn't speak nor understand tagalog. Food took a long time to come out and when it did we got the Bistek and Inihaw. I told the server my husband wanted the Fried Bangus instead and apologized for our mistake. The lady who took our order came from the Kitchen and started pointing and arguing about our order. I understand it was a mistake in our part and we apologize but we don't really need to argue with you over what Bangus my husband pointed at. Afterwall we are still paying customers and would appreciate a little bit of customer service and satisfaction. My husband lost his appetite over the argument told the Lady he doesn't want any more bangus, But ofcourse the food came out 5 mins later and charged us for for Inihaw instead of Daing. I told another lady that the bill was incorrect but she insisted it was correct and they are the same price which obviously was as printed on their menu. We didnt't want to stay and argue over it so we left and took everything to go. I've worked in Restaurants for as long as i've lived here and this place needs work on their customer service and giving their repeat guest a better attitude . The food taste great but we will never be back here again.
Please do not go here. Aside from the fact that the food was substandard, they "imposed" a 15% tip on our bill when the service did not warrant such an amount. Please AVOID!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in the west valley! The staff are always super friendly and the food is so good. I always order the gyro plate which comes with their amazing Greek fries and all food comes with free soup (which is also really good!). I get their baklava too and it's made fresh in their kitchen every day. The place is always clean and they have a video about Greece playing which is super cool to watch when you're waiting for your food. It's always super fast service too!
I have only been to Don Pedro's for lunch (maybe half dozen times), when I am visiting a client in the area. It is very, very good... one of the best (and only decent) places to dine in that Independence area... between Sharon Amity and Idlewild. 

Don Pedro's lunch menu is embarrassingly inexpensive! The food is very good... I've even gone off the lunch specials to the regular menu a couple times. I can't vouch for "Mexican authenticity", but it meets my need for something in that vein. Chips and salsa on being seated, and a dessert sweet treat seem to be complimentary, even with the lunch specials. 

For a restaurant in a strip mall, it has a lot of true South of the Border feel.  The staff is true hispanic (no surprise).  Check out the waterfall in the bar\/lounge.  :)  The neighboring spaces are used for a latin oriented nightclub in the evening, so the place does have an authentic flavor.

Plan to pay for a sit-down waited-upon meal for what one might expect to pay for fast food elsewhere! Please tip accordingly (20%+)! :) 

I met my sister (from Raleigh) and her daughter there for lunch one day as they were passing through town. My sister still talks about the nachos and the fried ice cream dessert they both enjoyed that day. 

Only "complaint" is that they serve the tomatoes on dishes as half slices. I would rather have diced, as it seems to better integrate into the dish. That being said, the photos of the dishes accurately portray that  "standard" for the dishes. 

I WILL go there for lunch again when I find myself looking for lunch in that mid-Independence corridor.
The setting and service was absolutely amazing! I loved how they do omikase (Chef selects many different courses to serve you based on your preferences and price range!)

The nigiris and rolls were really great so I suggest you try atleast one of the rolls(all of them are unique and good) and order lots of the nigiris if you're not doing omikase! It is a fusion with Brazilian Japanese and Peruvian so they do have some dishes such as Peruvian corn, etc different stuff that they make for presentation and taste! The only reason why I gave this 4 instead of 5 stars was because some of their "best" wasn't to die for or anything. And the truffle oil is an acquired taste and I absolutely disliked it (it leaves such a smelly after taste in your mouth) so you can always tell them not to put that!

A great thing though is that if you don't like something you can let them know and they'll make you something else in replacement of the course that you didn't like.

Overall, I think this place was pretty good but not like WOAH. I've tasted some rolls at all you can eat sushi here in Vegas that blew me away versus the stuff here. They were DIFFERENT, but somewhat overrated. Worth the try though and I would come back!
After a long mtb ride this is my groups favorite stop for great food, excellent service and a nice setting....   everyone should stop by and try it.   The gnocchi is my personal fav!
Chakra 4 used to be the herb stop but the same people are there they have just expanded that's all. If you are into natural remedies this is the best spot one might ever find. When I lived in Phoenix it was always my go to if anything was going on with my body. It is nestled right behind Trader Joe's  and next to LA Fitness, in the Town & Country shopping center. Forgive me if I am wrong but I believe the guru is named Kita, she knows everything about herbs and how they can help you. I now am in Tucson which has nothing that comes close to Chakra 4 so we ordered on line, what a relief. They have a huge selection of bulk herbs, the best pre-mixed herbal teas ever, herbal capsules, tinctures, oils, extracts, incense, books, and from what i hear an all natural cafe. If you have never been a believer or are a believer a visit here will make you more of a believer, love this place!
Wait wasn't bad, food wait wasn't terrible. What was terrible was the food. Bland, no flavor. The portions are well siZed, probably only reason this place gets any attention. There are far better options available
Scottsdale Post Office you rock! You where Open yesterday,and it was awesome. Thanks for always being so friendly!
ALL. DAY. BREAKFAST. 

Enough said? 

But seriously, who doesn't love the availability of an all day McDonald's breakfast. It's become a bit of a staple on weekends around my house as it's so close and I'm addicted to their delicious coffee. 

This McCafe has the new order machines, which gives options for busier days. On weekends, it's generally quiet. I have yet to stop by on a weekday morning (could be crazy!). They only serve breakfast sandwiches, pastries, and some smaller pre-packed snacks, no Big Macs here.

Never had an issue with a wrong order and they display your order number when it's ready. Doesn't get any easier than that!

I would have given 5 full stars but they don't serve hashbrowns at this location. And hashbrowns are truly what MAKE a McDonald's breakfast great! 

You'll still see me here most weekend mornings grabbing at least my morning cup of joe. My god, that coffee is so good!

-Ashley Marie
This place is awesome ! The flavoring taste just right , and the customer service is just as good ! Must try. The food is extremely well flavored and the environment is also welcoming , it's not your typical Korean restaurant, the design is pretty modern and clean. Pretty roomy , grilling also has ventilation so you don't have to worry about the steam rising up, overall I love this place and would come back.
Overall not a bad little course I had a decent time but I was waiting at every tee box due to groups ahead of me. Cart girls are very attentive. Course is in great shape and prices are very reasonable. Course is very forgiving for first time players to the course. Would go here again if I have a chance.
For a chain, this place is amazing!  Have been coming for years and love absolutely everything on the menu.  Good wine selections and atmosphere too!
The spring rolls aren't that great. There's too much wonton wrap layers so they feel dense and chewy .They're not light and crispy. The line up here is soooo long..
Great place to hang out and work all day - kind of the Laika of the south, minus the good food and beats. Clients are a mix of laptop creatives and young moms. Very sunny. A bit snobby. Good drip coffee. (Godshot is a tad overrated.)
Love this place. My second time coming here while visiting Arizona. Excellent music, drinks are cheap, and good crowd. Def my go to spot in Arizona
This was the 4th cirque show I've seen, the others being Alegria, Corteo, and Kooza. This Cirque show was obviously quite different from the other three, because the focus is less on acrobatics, and more on artistic presentation and the expression of human sexuality. That is not to say that the show was devoid of acrobatics, amazing flexibility and jaw-dropping stunts. All of that was still present, but decidedly toned down in order to up the humor, audience interaction, and sensuality.

The show is hosted by Edie, a witty and attention-commanding drag queen who really connects with the audience. She made an excellent mistress for the evening, and was in no short supply of wisecracks and double entendres. Acrobatics included hoop tricks, strength displays, rope and silk climbing and soaring, contortionists, and dancing. The costumes were also great, and matched with the side of human sexuality they were trying to express. 

The only thing that detracted from the show were the constant giggles and gasps and judegmental "oh my god"'s that could be heard from neighboring seats. If you're squeamish and shy and immature, this is probably not the show for you! It's about sex. All kinds of sex. Straight, gay, and otherwise. If you turn red at the sight of a perfume advertisement, or blush at words like "erotic" and "horny" or harbor some homophobic tendencies, this show may not be for you. 

Overall the show was visually appealing, entertaining, humorous and impressive. If you have the chance to catch this show (and you're not shy about sex and sensuality) definitely get some tickets.
Hidden Burger is a neat little burger place tucked away in the back of a restaurant named Bottom Line on Front St. I had their cheeseburger and fries and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. The burger was delicious and the perfect size for lunch. The fries were also really good and tasted even better with a side of jalapeno aioli generously offered by the chef! For $10, you really can't go wrong and I will definitely be back.
My visit to Fry's today, was less than lackluster. I went in looking for a new TV set, and felt completely IGNORED! I wasn't greeted by a single person as I walked in as well as walked out of the store. While I'm the tv section, 3 employees stood having a conversation and not one stopped to ask if I needed help. 

This place is usually my go-to for electronic needs, but I'll gladly take my business\/money elsewhere. 

It was nice while it lasted Fry's, I'm off to your competitor!
I try to support small-business owners with good reviews, but Nothing Bundt Cakes is just average. I got the white white chocolate, and again, it was average. That will end up being the theme of my review.

The taste of the cake was satisfying. It was moist and not too sweet. It didn't particularly taste like white chocolate but I have no major gripes about that. My biggest complaint is the frosting ... it is much too sweet. Most of the cake is splattered with lines of the frosting, which would make it bearable except the entire middle and part of the inside is stuffed with this devious frosting. As a result, it makes the whole cake overwhelming since I was forced to eat around the almost-stinging sweetness. It was a shame too, because most of the rest of the cake is fantastic. But alas, one rotten frosting spoils the bunch and renders the entire cake average.

I would go back to sample some other flavors to see if the frosting is as criminal on other cakes. I'd give it another chance. But I wouldn't run and recommend an average cake to a friend based on my one tasting.
Cute nail bar, great atmosphere and quality of service. I have only been once and have tried many other time but they never to seem to have any availability.
Excellent service. The place is small so be prepared to wait for seating. Red velvet Pancakes....yummy. 
Breakfast served fast and hot. 
Enjoyed my Saturday morning here.
This place is great!  Normally when you think of a framing place it is uptight, the place where your grandma would want to frame her cross stichin of a dog.  This place is nothing like that.  Very relaxed, friendly staff and fun.

The prints they have on display are for purchase.  Note that some of the stuff you see the prices do not include the cost of the frame.

I did see a beautiful Frank Lloyd Wright ad that I really wanted to take home.

I know I will be back.  I have an Elvis Costello print done in Warhol-style that I want framed.
As far as gas stations go, this one is turning into one of my favorites.  I haven't tried the car wash, but the service here is really friendly and the gas prices are lower than other places around (especially if you pay cash).  It's also near the 101 at Baseline, so it's convenient on top of everything else if you need to gas up and go.
This was me and my boyfriend's usual sushi place. The prices are great, the employees are so nice and so quick. They will switch out deep fried tofu for something else for me. The food is always good. They served us edemame while we waited when we ate in. They also offer 10% discount on cash take out. Love this place! sad I have moved :(
Food so-so. I guess I wasn't expecting too much. The waiter was really nice. We got in late after a concert at The Joint, just a few yrs away. It was near the end of the service and they happily served us, w\/o rush or attitude. That's always much appreciated. We got our food and drink quickly but were not rushed. 

The food itself wasn't great. We just wanted a nibble so the 3 of us ordered the appetizer platter. It came with chicken skewers, beef skewers, sweet corn tamales, taquitos, and quesadilla w\/ guacamole. The sweet corn tamales are good is you like that sort of thing but have a bit too much of a vanilla flavor. The skewers had decent flavor, but I was not a fan of the texture of the meats, as both were a bit dry. The taquitos are cheese and were ok. The quesadilla was really good actually with a bit of smokey flavor and seemed to be a bit more then just cheddar and\/or monterey jack. The chips and salsas are good and  plentiful. The sangria wasn't strong but tasted yummy and was really refreshing after the long hot concert.
Scott who fixed my a\/c was awesome. He patiently checked on the issues and took care of it. Gret job Scott!
Best Indian food in Vegas yet by far! Great views . The food was fantastic. Service is a little slow but to be expected with a new restaurant. We have been to many in Vegas and have been soo disappointed until now. This is a must try! Our server was Kriti very nice and she was very attentive.
Worst place ever wings don't come with fries so I paid 12.99 for decent wings plus 3.99 for fries ... Sooo dumb and a pitcher only filed 3 glasses so I basically paid 25 bucks for shit NEVER GOING  BACK
My son and I had lunch here today, After lunch I was getting some apple pies, My son went to refill drink cups, It wasn't working, I told the girl the drink machine wasn't working and the cashier chimed in saying we had to pay for it,They need to change the policy or have your cashiers make the drinks as it is very rude to be told to pay for a refill. When the sign states free refills for dine in only. Yes we did eat our lunch there.
My family's visiting Scottsdale so we decided to stop by here since we saw it on tv. I have to say that it was one of the best burgers I've ever ate. The only bad thing is that it is a little small but overall the taste and the meat is so fresh and good. I recommend everyone to try this place!
Nice people who work here. I came in primarily to sell my clothes for the winter. Then ended up taking 15 items for $50 which roughly comes out to $3.33 per item. Which is a bit depressing but I just wanted to get ride of myself since it wasn't selling on Poshmark. The store has a good selection of clothes.
Quand on regarde l'entrée du Boustan on n'a pas vraiment envie d'y entrer, une fois que l'on est à l'intérieur on a envie de repartir tout de suite, l'endroit est sombre, pas hyper propre et l'ambiance plutôt pesante (il faut savoir ce que l'on veut commander, sinon on vous regarde l'air de dire "faut se dépêcher, on pas que ça à faire")... Mais une fois que l'on a goûté à leur sandwichs on a qu'une envie... y revenir encore et encore !!! Le pita falafel est un délice à seulement 3.5$ ...à essayer. L'endroit idéal pour un lunch entre 2 cours, c'est rapide, bon et pas cher.
The service was prompt and friendly, and the meat selections were good, but the salad bar paled in comparison to other Brazilian Steakhouses.
I LOVED my BomDomWich!  Was absolutly yummy :)  
Can't wait to try more FUNKY FOOD-pizza is next!  
Would definatly take the time to stop in - your tummy will leave happy :)  :)
The best Vape shop in Las Vegas!   Friendly and helpful staff!  plus a huge variety of juice!  If you haven't stopped here you are missing out!
Very quick service and friendly staff.  The spinach and wild mushroom crepe was very tasty.  The selection of beers and wines was pretty good.  Had banana foster crepe for desert perfect ending to the meal.  Would eat hear again unfortunately only passing through Charlotte so won't be in the area anytime soon.
3.5-3.9 stars if I could!  Wine and wine presentation was great, pizza was delicious (the crust especially).  I wanted Cento to be SO so good based on what I've heard around Madison.  The bread was normal; my favorite thing about Italian restaurants is the bread!  It definitely was good but not 5 stars.  I'd give it another chance.
Still no help from Hertz at all!  Beyond frustrating.  No email response from private message sent 3 days ago.  Run, don't walk, away from this company!
Most amazing breakfast I have ever had in my travels. So much food, service is friendly and fast.  Highly recommend.
Not Greek! These guys are Arminian and are just fooling everyone! Not anywhere near real Greek food!
Average food, model looking staff. Not worth the price tag!
Great service from Bartender. Had the Royal sandwich, which was delish on first few bites, but then it became kind of one-note. Just taste the salty sausage and not much else. They need to add pickled veggies or something to counterbalance the saltiness of the sausage. Overall, cant complain too much since it was a great value at $10. Don't go here for the Ambiance though.
Incredible meal, lovely atmosphere, and great service! The Valentine's Day menu was beautifully planned out.

While everything was delicious, the lobster bisque was, without a doubt, the highlight. Rich, creamy, flavourful, and perfect.

The 'Cinderella salad' was light and refreshing, and the fried goat's cheese was beautifully rich  and soft.

The braised beef was remarkably tender and flavourful.

The Grand Marnier soufflé was easily the best soufflé I have ever eaten.

Wine recommendations complemented everything wonderfully.
I have visited this restaurant a handful of times over the last 7 years.  I have always enjoyed it because it's clean, small and not loud.  The sushi is consistently good and they have a great selection. I have two complaints: first,  the staff has no personality.  They don't make an effort to interact with you and make you feel welcome.  Second, it's a little pricey.

I was recently there with my 4 year old and she enjoyed it very much.  We will most likely keep going back until we find another small sushi place to go to.
Non smoking casino with many floors and different games on each one.

The look of the casino is very nice and appealing. 

All of the workers are friendly and they love taking your money. 

I was here for a bachelor party so we had fun, regardless. 

It wouldn't be on my list of things to do in Montreal if I didn't have time to do everything.
I was really unsure about how I wanted to ask my best friends to be my bridesmaids, therefore, kept putting it off. I zipped into Michael's on a Sunday afternoon to get some event supplies and what did I find? The most PERFECT photo boxes that matched the theme of my wedding! At that moment my brain went into creative mode! The boxes are literally everything that I wanted and more. The best part? The photo boxes were under $2 each, the flowers were 60% off, the chalkboard letters were 50% off, frames were $1.50 and the black and white striped ribbon was also 50% off! Seriously? It was meant to be! My bridesmaids love their boxes and they all said YES! I can't wait to come back for more #PearsonParty supplies!
Great church, read the other positive reviews and ignor the one from Kamela W.
I have been going here for a year and love the true preaching of God's word!
I will try and make my review not sound like a commercial lol. (I was really impressed with this place) It's the vape equivalent to a fancy cigar shop. Not just another vape shop. This place is unique. Has couches to lounge and smoke, awesome design AND I was impressed with the flavors they have and the fact they actually make it HOME MADE. Wow.... A hidden gem. Nice service and good selection. The guy over there sounded like he really knew what he was talking about. Anyways.. For sure worth checking out.
Well, as a person who has been in the hospitality industry a long time, I don't like to complain, but this was just disappointing.  My boyfriend and I went to Nora's for dinner tonight, and it was just not good at all.  

I loved Nora's, always went and got the cheese selection, the manager Nate was awesome, and the wine fantastic.  Things have changed.  Nate is no longer there, and the new manager seems very stand-offish.  The cheese selection has changed, it is not a plate where you pick your own cheese anymore, it is just a cheese platter with a few types.  The wine is still good, but it's changing to a strictly Italian format.  

The service was horrible, and I am as easy as they come, and as a server, I never complain, but this was so bad that my boyfriend, a F&B manager, was even upset, and he never gets upset.  The restaurant was not packed and even if it was, all the server had to do was acknowledge us, not ignore us for quite a while.  We eventually got so upset that we just cut our night short and asked for the check.

The food was good, we got the antipasto salad, asked for no onions, but they must have forgot.  We got the meat platter, and it was good, but I asked for bread 3 times so I could eat it with it, and it took 15 mins and 3 servers to bring it.  That's when we decided to just leave and not order more, but since I had an email club offer for a dessert, we decided to wait for that.

Oh, and the dessert, oh no.  I love sweets and always enjoy dessert, but this was bleh!  It was a special plate that comes with a chocolate mousse, a chocolate molten cake, a chocolate gelato, and some chocolate truffles.  First off, the mousse literally comes on the plate looking like a pile of crap, yes, poop.  I wish I would have taken a picture, it looked like a pile of dog crap, I didn't even want to try it, but I did, and it was not very good.  The chocolate lava cake was cold, and the lava in the middle was congealed instead of warm and flowing.  The gelato tasted icey and milky, not creamy at all.  The truffles were eh, they looked pretty but not much taste.  It was just a very unappetizing selection, and I love dessert, I'll eat anything sweet.

I was not happy with this experience at all, and I don't think I could ever bring myself to go back.  I loved Nora's, but things have changed, and it no longer has the same feel it used to.  I am sad, I feel like I lost a great place to go.
Gaststätte mit überdachtem Biergarten, wovon man eine schöne Aussicht auf Feuerbach und Zuffenhausen hat.


 Neben drei Tagesgerichten findet man auf der Karte allerlei Schwäbisches von der Hausmannskost über das sehr gute Schnitzel bis hin zum Mega-Rostbraten. 
Obwohl die einzige Bedienung wieselflink agierte ist die Distelfarm kein Schnellrestaurant. Das liegt wohl auch daran, dass hier zur Mittagszeit auch Geschäftsleute ihre Lieferanten her einladen (weil's so gut ist)


 Nach dem üppigen Essen bieten sich die sonnigen Weinbergwege zu einem längeren Spaziergang durch Stuttgarts Rebhänge an.
Dead battery on our vehicle during our first camping trip with a travel trailer. We were able to jump start the car and drive to this auto parts store.
Excellent service. Naomi was incredibly pleasant, tested our battery & alternator, installed a new battery & got us back on our way to our next campground.
Would definitely recommend!
Most of the staff are very friendly and accommodating. The Ohio Ribeye was delicious and I should've paired it with the asparagus (as the server had recommended) because the bok choy just wasn't so great. When my server (Nancee) returned to ask how I liked everything and I said I wasn't a big fan of the bok choy, she quickly offered to replace it with the asparagus which was indeed much better and has a kick. 

Be sure to strike up a conversation with Mike in their Charcuterie -- not only is he a wealth of knowledge but he will excited they share it with you. He told me that their manual retro-looking meat slicer cost as much as his brand new Kia. The very sweet hostess let me choose a different table than where she had originally taken me with a can-do attitude while also accommodating my iPhone charging as it was down to 1%. Without hesitation or frustration she simply unplugged her company iPad at the hostess stand and charged my phone over the next 30 minutes or so (Only after first taking a lap around the restaurant to see if she could seat me near an outlet). Another server who'd just flipped around from having delivered someone's check, offered to walk me around (guide me) towards the restroom... Instead of just pointing like most people do today. There was only one exception to this but nearly all staff members delivered just the right balance of friendliness and professionalism. It's a beautiful place with great food - albeit " steakhouse-pricey" - and dependable service.
Visited Egg N'Joe on a Saturday morning. Anticipating a wait, we called ahead to get our name on the list. We were pleasantly surprised to be seated immediately upon arrival. 

The decor is very "coffee shop" like, it's clean and bright. The menu offers typical breakfast fare. 

Knife and I each got omelettes (Farmers for Knife and Crabacado for me).  They were tasty!  A choice of fresh fruit or hash browns is offered; we both asked for extra crispy hash browns. Sadly the hash browns we got only had a few crispy strands. (An additional star would have been given for crispy hash browns.) A biscuit also comes with the omelette, it was a typical run of the mill biscuit. 

The service was fast, the food was hot and tasty and I recommend trying this new breakfast\/lunch spot in North Scottsdale!

--Fork of Knife N Fork
(Be sure to check out the reviews of my critic in crime, Knife of Knife N Fork.)
Ashleigh was so nice! I went in with some majorly messed up hair and she fixed it up quickly. My hair feels much healthier and the color looks exactly like I wanted it. The cut was wonderful. She listened to everything I had to say!
If my dog is having any issues, I'll stop in here for over the counter medicine.  

The store is located on the corner of Green Valley Parkway and Horizon Ridge.  Their store is clean and very well organized.  I can usually look down the aisle for the well marked categories of products.  Store associates aren't hovering over you so you can browse freely.  

Sometimes the prices for various medicines or treats can be steep but I'll pay if it helps make my dog feel better.  It has my dogs paws of approval.
This was my forth time going in the High Roller. I've done both day and night rides with one Happy Half Hour ride taking place during the night and now one during the day. If you're not 21 or over than you're missing out because the Happy Half Hour is the best way to go on the High Roller. 

What's not to enjoy about having unlimited drinks for half an hour. It takes thirty minutes for your cabin to go around full circle so knocking back drinks is a great way to spend the time in addition to checking out a great view of Vegas. If you're afraid of heights then chances are a friend or family member convinced you to ride. No worries! having drinks to your disposal will surely take your mind off of it or at least calm you a bit. The High Roller is also a good way to meet people. You'll be in the cabin with a random group of people just looking to have a good time just as you. Some more chatty than others and some simply hilarious. 

Keep in mind if you purchase tickets for the Happy Half Hour during the day, the cost is less and you can show up unannounced at anytime to ride as long as it's before 6pm. Night rides require you to choose a time slot to ride. 

You can always bring your own drinks on the High Roller but for $35, The Happy Half Hour is worth it. I spend that much alone on just a few drinks if not two anywhere else in Vegas within the same amount of time. I'll take "unlimited drinks" for 500 Alex!

High Roller 3\/18\/2017
This mom and pops restaurant is delicious. They might not have the greatest service because it is just the two of them and they both do no speak English well, but the food makes up for it. 

My sister and I came in for lunch and ordered off the lunch special menu. We shared a "Mo deum jeon" which came with one platter of food, 2 side dishes, and two bowls of rice. Also, Mr. Lee brought out two small bowls of a homemade creamy, chicken soup as an appetizer. Everything was very flavorful, authentic, and healthy. 

If you are craving homemade Korean food, this is the place.
We chose this over all others based on a friend's personal opinion and so glad we did! I can say for definite there isn't a bad seat in the house and only avoid the front few rows if you don't want to get wet. 

If we could give it more than five stars we would... Amazing
Stopped in with my wife last night. Service was not good,  it just seemed like we were a bother to the servers. Lobby area had dirty tables, with no one cleaning them. Food was good, we both love the burrito bowls and that salvaged the visit.
This is fine dining at its finest.  The ambiance is lovely, decor classy, service fantastic, and the food... DIVINE.  Guys, if you'd like to impress a lady, take her here!  I myself went with the girls, native Canadians who swear by this restaurant.  

Appetizer--Coquilles St. Jacques, caramelized sea scallops with kobe beef cheek: Very good, though I did enjoy the scallops part more than the kobe beef portion

Entree--Veau Poche, veal tenderloin and fried sweetbreads:  Ever since I learned about sweetbreads from the food network (yes, I am that lame) I take every chance to try them.  Auberge did not disappoint!  The sweetbreads had a great flavor and a lovely crunch.  And the veal tenderloin was soooooooo tender and tasty.  It was absolutely exquisite.

Dessert--I cannot remember exactly what it was, there was a cheesecake (?) with a praline crust (yuuuuum) and a bit of sorbet (passion fruit possibly).  You might think that because I cannot recall, it must not have been really good.  Wrong!  It was awesome!!!  Not too sweet, great flavor, and ended the meal on a fantastic note.

If you loooove food, and especially if you like fancy eats, this is the place to go.  It is expesnive, yes, but totally worth it.  You will not be sorry!
I was looking for a good Stromboli place similar to one I would find on the East Coast. Fortunately I found this location which is right down the street from my job. The owner was very hospitable in the Stromboli was even better. I finally found the taste I've been looking for!
Experience was terrible. Inside there was no AC, they even had to leave the front door open. When I got inside, the wait was 20 minutes a table (which is fine since the reviews were good and I assumed it's worth the wait for good food...). Once we got a table, the waitress then asked us to delay our food orders and simply order drinks first because the kitchen is backed up.

Put the orders in and the wait was almost another 50 minutes (don't really understand why it would take so long to fry an egg on top of a waffle with cut fruit and salad). At that point I was starving (I guess that's where the name 'starving artist' came from). Once the food arrived, it just tasted average at best and that's ontop of being really hungry. Portions were small for the price.

If anyone were to come here for a visit, I would think twice before coming for average food you can get elsewhere for half the wait time.
Un vrai coup de coeur pour la terrine au riz de veau, un dé-li-ce !!!!
Mon chum avait pris du porc, c'était vraiment très bien cuit, très tendre.

Et petit plus : le pain et le beurre sont faits maison
It was very crowded, so the line was loneg but plenty of seating. We both had the pulled pork sandwiches which were ok, but the creamed corn was delish!
Our dinner was fabulous. When I made the reservation on Tuesday for Friday there were only 6 pm and 9 pm times available. This place is popular and reservations a must.

The buratta appetizer was delicious, fresh and simple. We shared it and there was enough for two... although I think either of us would have gladly had the whole portion.

I had the risotto, which is prepared in the Venetian style, a little more liquid than I normally prefer. However its savoury taste and the perfection of the preparation quickly vanished any misgivings... it was among the best I have had.

She had the spaghetti and declared it perfection in its tomatoey goodness.

The service was great in spite of the fact the place was packed. Our server was personable, authoritative and knowledgeable about both the menu and the terrific wine list. 

We were dawdling a bit, and they very politely asked if they could move us to the bar to free up the table for the next sitting. We were wrapping up anyways, so we thanked them for a wonderful dinner and made our way into the soft evening.
This place has the best pizza. Period. I found this place because I had just moved to Mesa and my boyfriend and I wanted to find "our" pizza place. We found it. Note: "Large" is their smallest pizza. The flavor is amazing. We unfortunately live outside the delivery area, but that's probably good for my wallet and my belt! Driving home with the pizza in the car is torture because it smells so amazing! They also recently expanded to include more seating which made me happy.
The ice cream they offer is also really good!
Having lunch with my sisters.. we ordered the two meat combo and tried the gumbo. It was delish! We also ordered the full Lucille's Onion Straws and oh my no matter how many times we ate it still looks full lol but the one thing that kinda was eh was when we ordered the Brisket Nachos and came in to just having nachos with no brisket. I asked our waiter and he asked me "There were no brisket in there?" And I had to process in my head what he asked so I said no. So the other waitress who served us that dish said she was going to put the brisket as the side. Since it came later.. the whole nachos didn't look as appetizing coz it looked like the it was there for garnish.

Well anyway, the food is still delish! Come by sometime for lunch!

In the end we were satified with our meal with a warm hand towel wash
I've been a EWC girl for as long as I have been waxed. I am now a convert. Heather was awesome, the place was spotless, and the conversation was normal. I will now be a new regular at the LunchBox.
This place is still as great as the first time I described it. The new servers are just as friendly as the old ones and the food is consistently great.

They have recently improved their front entrance to help for the coming winter months you now have a landing area and you have to go through two doors instead of the way it was set up before. They have also painted the walls recently.
Just okay. I ordered the "on the floor" which is a crepe with pistachio icecream, chocolate, and pistachios. I asked for no chocolate but got it anyways. The crepe came cold and was more crunchy than soft and warm as expected. Also the pistachio icecream was just okay. This ran me over $15 which was not really worth the price. Nothing about this place blew me away. I could see it being an ok date night spot, but I probably  won't be back because I don't see the value for what I got. Also the service staff was kind of awkward.
Le Thai is great place to grab some food, but it's popularity has come at a price. The food to me hasn't changed, I've been here more than a few time between two years.

I've had the curry and it's good, I've had the short-rib rice and it's better than good, I've had the ga pow with chicken at a 3 and it's delicious. Now I can eat it at a 4 or 5, but it's not about the spice. Get the ga pow at a 3 trust me, if you like hot food get it at a 4, but the 5 takes away from the taste.

Don't get mad at a place, which is tiny and popular, if they can't get you in right away. Also I love yelp, but I feel sometimes reviewers give a very narrow view of an experience which they've had once or twice. Which I loved for the raw content, but sometimes it's bias and that's unfortunate.

This isn't the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas, but in downtown it's damn close. Give it a shot and I bet you won't be disappointed.
I had no idea what to expect, but I was blown away. The venue is surprisingly small, but it means that every seat gives you a great view of the action, the actors are close enough to read their facial expressions, and I was honestly surprised by the number of set changes and how intelligently they made use of the limited space. The venue doesn't feel as small as it is, once the show starts. The prices are very reasonable, and to be honest I prefer this kind of cozy, intimate setting to the majority of larger theaters I've visited. They also recruit very talented local actors, so it's a great night out to support the local scene. I suppose there's always some room for improvement, but this place made one great first impression on me.

Also found it very endearing for the Christmas Carol production, when the actors went outside to sing carols to everyone as we were leaving. Class act!
Went there with parents, and we enjoyed the atmosphere a lot. The waiters were extremely nice, and recommended courses appealed to our taste, especially their home-made sauces. Very good, will come again if around.
Really love egg works!!  Today I had the balsamic glazed chicken salad...it was awesome!!  Service was excellent throughout with the very capable Lisa C taking care of us.  Can't wait for cooler weather so we can be back out on their gorgeous patio!  Snag a groupon before you go that makes it even nicer!!
This place is just OK, nothing special. They offer your common dishes like Pad Thai and curries. and are competently done. I do like that your lunch special comes with a house salad with peanut sauce dressing (a little heavy) for my taste, and a vegetable egg roll. We enjoyed it enough but I think there are better options in town.
I tried this cleaners after having a terrible experience with 215 cleaners across the street and I have not been disappointed. The prices are reasonable and they have next day service on the weekdays. The store is open on weekends for pick up and drop offs but they do not actually clean anything on Saturday or Sunday. The lady who owns the place is super nice and she always has some candy out for the customers (yum!). I will defintiley continue to use this cleaners as long as I live over here.
Guava cake, fantastic! Chantilly cake was good, Chantilly could be a little more "chantillier" but for the most part it's the best Chantilly cake I've eaten in Las Vegas so far. Dobash is made to order only. The owner is extremely personable and friendly, even gave me a free coco puff to try. Prices are reasonable for the size of desserts you get.
Absolutely love this food!!!!  Amazing tacos and awesome staff!!!!! Couldn't have carbs so they put it on lettuce for me so I could enjoy it! Made me love them even more! 
Highly recommend this food truck to anyone who loves great food and amazing staff!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Gourmet tacos are my FAVE!!!!!! Andy is the best !!!!!!!!!

I put their tacos in my mouth!!!!!!
I am so sick of this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My boyfriend likes it but there is hardly any chicken in the dish with zucchini and mushrooms. The orange chicken is hard as a rock
plus the noodles and rice suck!! The only decent thing is the crag ragoons. NO MORE!!
We stayed last August to get the Freemont Street Experience and not break the bank.  Easy to get to the covered area- just a short walk across the street.  The rooms were fine.  Standard size, clean, nothing fancy, nothing shabby.  I loved the lobby decor- reminiscent of an old west hotel lobby. 

The casino was fine..took my money just as every other one does.  I never had a problem getting a drink.  Frozen margaritas are just $1 if you're not gambling.

We ate twice at the breakfast buffet.  Like other Boyd's properties, low price and pretty darned good.  Great variety, fresh items, not a single complaint from any one in our party of 10.
I have tried different locations of Pei Wei, but I will just rate the Avondale one because that is the one I go to more often. It is OK, service is good. The favor of the food is either sweet, hot, or salty. I can not taste the different between Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Vietnamese cuisines. I know it is a chain, but maybe I am spoiled with all the different cuisines around the valley. We go because my husband likes it.
So far so good.  When purchasing a house, I can tell you that there's a... LOAD of trouble that awaits you.   We're talking about incompetency every which way.  In dark corners, around in the alleys...  EVERYWHERE.

However, I felt way better when I worked with Stewart Title of Nevada.  They were one of the few people that was patient enough to sit me down and explain line by line questions that I had with the documentation.  And believe me, going over a stack of legal documents is not someone's "fun time".   Answered all my questions to my satisfaction and were able to provide me with options when we're going through a difficult time as it is with what should be a relatively painless process (go figure that).

I really didn't give them five stars mainly because I don't have anything to compare it to currently since they're the first escrow\/title company that I've had to deal with but everyone along the house buying process would just take a few pointers from them?   Buying a house would go SOOO much more smooth.

EDIT:
I have to update the original 4 star rating to 5 stars.  After being completely frustrated with this entire process, there were two ladies there that took care of business and went above and beyond just to make the entire process a little less stressful.  You can't believe how relieved I was to get this gold-star type service after having to deal with completely ridiculous incompetence.

The reason for the quick change of rating is because I ran into some other issues that literally made people cry.   But Stewart Title stepped up and made the changes by contacting the right parties and setting up the processes for those other parties (which by the way, was their responsibility, not Stewart Title's) and making sure that we could get to the end.  It's not done yet, but our opinion as a family has been that Stewart Title saved the day and we're really thankful for it.
This spot is pretty dope! Had fun and low drama!
Eric Graffi and Jarod and his planting crew were fantastic.  I am very satisfied and all the plants look great. Highly recommend this nursery in Peoria, AZ to anyone looking for knowledgeable and professional help with their lawns\/gardens.
This place is a local institution. Their custard is unlike most other ice cream in Cleveland, I'm not really sure what's different about it, it always feels a little thicker and richer than other ice creams. East Coast makes 5 or 6 different flavors per day, including old standards like chocolate and vanilla, and usually has at least one fat free or sugar free variety. Many of the flavors are inventive, like mexican chocolate or mayfield road crunch, and they have a calendar so you know when to come back for your faves.

On any summer night this place will be crowded with young and old. Last summer, every night there was at least one interesting old car, from the normal 50's pink caddy's, to a restored 1940s army jeep and a car with license plate "muggles" lol. I've even seen that silver bullet shaped vehicle with tour groups stop here (you know the one I mean).

East Coast is open year round, and the ice cream and ice cream pies and sandwiches are just as good in the winter. All the different toppings and blizzards are almost better in icy weather as they don't melt as fast. Just be careful for those sneaky old people who pretend they don't know how they line works and will cut in front of you in like. (it's happened more than once)
Right out of the gate:  pizza is very good.  The flavor and texture of the crust are 5 stars all the way BUT some parts of it were burnt.  Now, I know wood fired pizza ovens are screamingly hot but it was unevenly cooked in spots.  The Margherita pizza was good with the cheese and basil but I felt like it needed a touch of salt.  Mozzarella cheese on there was 5 stars just like the crust.  The pizza is served PIPING HOT...too hot to eat or taste when it arrives at the table.  So keep the table conversation going for at least 5 minutes while you stare it on the table (see:  torture).  The Caesar salad was a bit odd.  It is not like a traditional Caesar.  The meatballs were okay...there is some type of binder in them that makes them slightly crunchy.  Tomato sauce is good.  Ho Ho dessert was stupidly good and large enough for 3 of us to eat.  Now here is the real ding...it was hot as balls in the restaurant.  Again, I know those wood fired ovens kick off a lot of heat but it was downright uncomfortable in the restaurant to eat.  I don't know if their A\/C wasn't working properly but I don't think I will go back there to eat when it is north of 80 degrees outside.  That, or I will get carryout or wait until Fall to go back.  Surprisingly, I was expecting this place to knock me over with its pizza but I would say it is pretty close to Crostata's in Highland Heights.
Sallys beauty supply does NOT have informed employees. The girls steal from the store and give good hardworking licensed professionals a hard time. Should close down
My wife and I tried Planet Sub for the first time tonight.  I ordered The Experience and she ordered the Chipotle Wrap.  We paid for our order and about 5 minutes later the manager came out and informed us that they were out of tortillas.  He offered to make it as a romaine wrap or to upgrade to a full sub, so we took the upgrade.  About 10-15 minutes longer and he brought our subs out, apologized for the wait, and gave me a card for a free chipotle wrap on our next visit.  The food was amazing and I was appreciative of the manager going the extra mile to make sure we were happy customers who would come back again and again.
Went here last week. First off I am a fan of Pieology and I have been craving it for some time now. When Mod opened up I figured I'll go here and see if it compares. The concept is the same but they don't have as many options as Pieology. The chicken was not that great, they didn't have an herb and butter base instead I had to do olive oil... bleh! They also didn't have a Pesto or an Alfredo option for a white pizza. I tried to make my favorite which is a mix between a margarita with chicken and buffalo sauce on top. The presentation was nice but I took a bite and it was a little burnt.
I thought I could get past it but I ended up throwing 3\/4 of it away. Oh two more things that have nothing to do with the food but threw me off. The guy on the oven doesn't wear gloves I watched him touch everyone's pizza and slide it off the paddle into the oven. Secondly they have a British flag on their shirts. What's up with that? I'm pretty sure this is an American company... With so many similar concepts of fast casual pizza it's hard to pick a favorite but I definitely know mine.
My wife and I keep on coming back to this place since its much closer to home and its authentic. We already tried their pad thai, mus sa mun, pa-nang and spicy fried rice. It was almost the same as what we've tasted in Thailand. Their lunch selection specials tastes good too!
This place is awesome if you are ever in Pittsburgh. It is close to Carnegie Mellon and around some shopping places. The staff are extremely and the food is yummy. The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the ambiance. When I went the first floor didn't have air conditioning which made it very hot and sticky. Upstairs had air but sadly there were some flies.
I don't know how to feel about Sundrops. Like the last reviewer, I tried Sundrops with a groupon. I had wanted to try it before, but it was too far away and I thought the prices were a bit high. But the groupon seemed like a good deal so I went in for an island mani\/pedi. Here are my thoughts:

- super cute setup, though I thought the manicure seats were not that comfortable. Might be a good location for a wedding day nail event, etc. 
- parking was bad since they are re-doing the shopping center
- the entire time I was there it seemed like there was staff\/work drama going on between the techs and the front desk staff. Lots of whispering and a few passive-aggressive comments to each other. I found this terribly unprofessional
- my manicure is a bit sloppy, although I am sure if I had noticed before I left they would have fixed it.

Unless you have a coupon or they are running a special, I would save your money and go somewhere else.
it is located next to New York, New York, there is a corridor of restaurant when you walk along toward T-mobile arena, it also has tables and chair for you to rest, has air mist blowing out on the street to cool you down, has some amazing sculpture, beam bag game along the street, would recommend to stroll along during nite time when the weather cools down a bit.
I looooove Chipotle... I know a lot of people have issues with it and when they had that little tif bit I never stopped coming here. Since I hmno longer work in that area I don't go as often but I still try to have it once or twice a month. 

I am always kindly greeted and the line when I go is never too long. It's always clean. 

I do miss the old school pinto beans they made with the bacon but I have since moved to black beans (cause healthier??). I don't get any rice mainly cause I don't like cilantro and too many carbs. My bowls usually consist of double or triple chicken or double chicken and barbacoa. Their barbacoa is second to none. It's so juicy and tasty. 

Everything is always fresh looking and not dried out. The guac looks super yummy but since I'm allergic to avocados I can't eat it hahaha bit I looks so inviting. The chips are SO good I just wish they were a smidge saltier and lemonier (is that even a word ). I usually get chips with a side of sour cream and a side of red sauce (mix them and you have heaven. I also use this mix for chicken quesadillas).
Cheap food is a plus. I was a little annoyed that they couldn't split up our bill for 5 ppl and they added a 15% gratuity.


Fuck... That.
Not good for groups.
Worst ulta ever. Walked around for 45 minutes looking for help. Wanted to be color matched for a new brand. Thank god I'm a former employee AT A DIFFERENT LOCATION and just did it myself. I ended up spending 280 dollars. Lady at the register was rude too. Was in a rush and that's what's close. Never again will I go there.
Took a drive to this Albertsons for the deals they were running for the holiday weekend. July 4th. I must say I was pretty annoyed by the time I left.

I never let a trip to the grocery store exceed an hours time I know what I need. Usually in and out in 30 minutes TOPS.. last night was the first time I've had to wait longer then I shopped. Of course no self check out lines and out of 10-12 Lanes available. Only two were open. I just so happened to pull the shortest straw, as the lady checking out in front of me  happened to have the most complex problem
arise. The cashier assisting her had just transferred from some other state so naturally, I couldn't illustrate frustration. She was new. That wouldn't be fair. My frustration started with the customer. I
Guess what got to me was the fact that the woman ahead of me didn't care how long it took. Or how bad she heald up the line. Over what $3-$4 in coupons? No matter how long it took She was gonna get her discounts. Didn't apologize, or Offer for me to go ahead (seeing as though I had 5 items max) she just kept making it harder and harder for the new girl. At least it seemed that way. The icing on the cake was the new girls manager. She couldn't figure out what code she had to use and asked the manager who was one register over. The manager  was very loud and just shouted from her register "DID YOU DO ___!?" Then "NO NO YOU DONT DO THAT YOU DO THIS". I felt bad. Not only was the new girl embarrassed in front of 5-8 customers in line but the manager was too lazy to take 2 seconds to walk over and assist her the right way. I don't need to hear how bad she messed up. And I definitely don't need to hear how to properly input T-bone steak discounts in. Just a poorly handled situation. I shopped for no more than 7 minutes. I walked in the store at 7:00 pm and left at 819. I was in line for 30 minutes before I was up. For 5 items. Extremely disappointed. Managers just didn't seem to care. I'll probably drive to another location and would recommend you do the same if you find yourself needing assistance from management or the customer service counter. It was deserted. I will say the courtesy clerk was really nice and helpful. And they had a big floral selection which I liked as well.
Apart from their produce and nice cheap ready to eat korean meals, this is the only place where you can find nice fresh fish waffles in Toronto! 
Those fish waffles are warm, crispy on the outside and nicely soft inside, with a good amount of filling. This quality is also consistent whenever I get this pastry there.
Amazing!!! How your fried chicken and shrimp are still crispy and hot when delivered is beyond me but this place rocks. Answering machine says they're closed for the rest of February for a medical emergency. Hope they reopen soon and everyone is well!
Kobe short ribs to die for good and rib eye too =) service is great
I recommend this place ! Very good restaurant ! The food is delicious (homemade biscuit so so good :-) ), the staff is very nice and friendly :-)
Large opening hours 6:00 am to 3:00 pm everydays, parking, large food choice for everyone. 
Thank you so much to the staff ;-)
Let's go everybody :-)
We just Had a few drinks in the beer garden area. No problem getting a seat about 11pm Saturday night. Although it was a bit annoying that 80% of people were smoking. Had to move tables to avoid the stinky smoke!
So disappointed in the manager of this Resturant.  We ordered online at 720 for a 745 pick up. It's 805 and she pretty much ignored me when I commented on the time they were supposed to deliver. I was in the same Resturant on Sunday and her 18 year old assistant manager performs customer service 10 times this manager.
Great carpet cleaning business! I had asphalt inbedded in my carpet and I am a smoker. When Ali was finished cleaning, the carpet looked brand new, no trace of asphalt and the apartment smelled wonderful. Usually you have to wait a couple of hours (or more) for the carpet to dry after its been cleaned. It was dry within a half hour. Effinity Solutions will be recommended by me and used again!
They ran out of ribs, sausage, and Brisket!!!!!

It gets worse, they ran out of change and wanted me to change my order or use my card (which I left at home)... insanely unprepared to be open yet.
Fantastic buffet! The atmosphere is a little like Alice in Wonderland with fake colorful flowers and bright lights. The employees have unusual costumes that are a bit hard to explain. But the food is spectacular. I really appreciated all of the salad, vegan  and vegetarian options. The day I went, they had two different quinoa dishes! I was very impressed. The buffet is a bit pricy for dinner, but I would highly recommend it.
Not worth for the money you are paying. Too spicy and ambience is not that great.

It's Nepali food more over than actual Indian style .

Food is too oily and also very greasy
This place is just cheesy enough!!!  

We typically just eat and drink at the bar because that is where all of the fun is!!!  The bartenders during the day are funny and nice.  The patrons are all just out to have fun and you meet the nicest and oddest people here!!!  The food is not amazing here, but I don't think most people are coming to Vegas for the food!!!  The drinks, however, are delicious!!!

We did eat at the restaurant part this past weekend for a family dinner and it just was not the same.  The service was slow and not as peppy.  We will definitely return to Margaritaville, but will definitely opt for the bar to enjoy our drinks and food!!!
Food was good (dosa). The restaurants charges extra for every extra like sambar, rice even when you buy thali. They give literally frozen curd and chutney. You will feel unfortunate to eat that. Bad service motto.
Used to drive past this all the time back in highschool, finally decided to give it a try and give in to the Dutch Bros craze. I had the iced White Chocolate Mocha and it was really good. Now I see why people come here all the time if not daily. I would definitely be coming back and trying some of the other Dutch Classics. Maybe even give some of the teas a try. 5\/5 stars
Absolutely awful! After spending very little time looking at my refrigerator, he pronounced it to be a closed system issue and that it would most likely be too expensive to fix. However, if I wanted to know exactly what was wrong with it and whether or not it truly would be too expensive he would charge me an extra $150 just to diagnose it. When I told him that I thought the $75 service fee was for a diagnosis he said, "no that's just to get me to walk through the door." Since then, I have spoken with several other repair companies that have assured me that the service fee is for a diagnosis.
I LOVE Kate Spade and am lucky enough to own a couple of their fun pieces.

Was here last night for a shopping event with my friend. The ladies here are actually super lovely and helpful. Sweet little store in Yorkville, great for cheeky accessories and gorgeous dresses.

They currently have a purse that looks like a champagne bucket, which you can actually put a bottle in! Perfect for keeping it classy ;)
This place is wonderful.  They are very family oriented and make you feel welcome.  Their food is fresh and prepared with care.  Their menu is extensive.  They have dishes I haven't seen anywhere else. We go put of our way to get takeout from here.
OMFG SO GOOD!  Make sure you have the address for this place because it can be very easy to miss.  

It's a small place and pretty bare but I like it.  The food was pretty spectacular.  I had the ramen (can't find that too many places!) and 2 sushi rolls.  Vegans - the menu probably changes frequently but I had some vegan roll that was not your typical vegan roll.  It had sundried tomatoes in it and some other tasty stuff.  Have not been able to stop thinking about it.  I would definitely come back but only after I've saved up a little money - this place is EXPENSIVE!!!!  I do think they could go down a few dollars on the menu items because as good as the food was I don't think it's $$$ worthy.  Unless they made the portions bigger.
First visit. We ordered the dominicana (mostly because the cubano has mustard). Great decision to come here. The perfectly juicy sandwich was paired well with the sweet potato fries (the fries were a little overlooked). If you order the sweet potato fries, definitely get the house sauce and ranch to dip (the house sauce is like Arby's horsey sauce). 

We'll be back
Jason was a real pro, knowing all about the water systems, we had a R.O. installed in the kitchen, and will be going back again to Jason for a water softener.
Stop in here after checking out the museum exhibits or just stop in for a cup of coffee, avocado toast, and relaxing atmosphere. Tables are plenty big to get some work done, so it is a great place to meet up for business, as well as pleasure.
OMG this was good. I had 1\/2 order of pumpkin french toast and a waffle dog. Which is a pancake on a stick like we used to get at summer camp only really good. 

My server Cassie was super nice and friendly even got me a cup of coffee to go. The manager Seemed very nice as well. 

I wish it was closer to me because I would come here often.
I am so happy with my color.  I have tried other salons but thanks to Ana Estrada she knew what I wanted and I left happy.  After 3 years of trying to get the right highlights some where else, I would leave home unsatisfied.  Plus the place is beautiful and clean the ladies are very nice.
It's tiny and dingy, but they sell everything you'd need to make a Thai curry. Or whatever Asian dish you're trying to make. Their produce is also a lot cheaper than other grocery stores in the area. The only downside is their tiny parking lot with the 30 min. parking.
I was definitely underwhelmed. It was less haute cusine and more haughty. I had the pork shoulder and my husband had a chicken ravioli dish. Both were veeery small portions. And by small I mean that my husband's dish was 11 bites total. No kidding, I counted. Both were in a broth that was well flavored. We were so hungry after 2 entrees and an appitizer that we went to another restaurant (Essen Haus) and had a second supper, that was much better and satifying. Let me preface all of this by saying that I have been in 5 star resturants in many countries, so I am not simply put off by food that is outside of the typical Americanized faire. This place is, to put it simply, too big for its britches. If you are an urban hipster and are looking for a scene, this is your place. If you are looking for some great food, you should pass on Nastrano.
If I didn't Have to give it a star, I wouldn't. got acrylic fill on gel when I clearly asked for gel. Still payed 36, Nails looked terrible. I went by Walmart two days later and had completely redone. Waste of time and money, I wanted to ball my hands up for two days they were so ugly.
Absolutely love this place! I have tried their cakes, waffles and crepes for different occasions and it's the best dessert place around the area. It's also a great place to hang out with your friends or a date for a dessert night.
A delicious example of how BBQ should be done. Burgers are savoury, the grilled cheese is just the right mix of flavours, and the fried chicken dinner is some of the best in town. Worth the trip up to St. Claire if you aren't here on other errands. 

Not the best place for kids -- not that they don't accommodate or welcome kids - it's the seating that may cause some issues -- only stools at the bar available. Three plus would be appropriate -- and get a seat facing the kitchen -- the staff are friendly and it's entertaining to watch them work!
I never thought I'd be ordering dumplings at a restaurant (too used to frozen dumplings as my student-budget meals), but this place has the BEST dumplings, and it's at an incredible value! Apparently they increased the price, but whatever... I'm already an addict.

So here it is. $5.99 for 15 dumplings (some variants may cost you a little more). Dumplings are all handmade and steamed to order. My favourites are Pork & Fennel (it's actually dill), Pork & Leek and the Lamb ($7.99).

All the dumplings are SO juicy and flavourful. I find myself craving these multiple times in a week. And at this value... Why not?!

Yes, all I order here are dumplings (why waste precious stomach space for anything else?), but if you want to try something else, their Deep Fried Green Onion Fritter\/Pancake (might be called something else on the menu) is super yum too.
Encore by day. Surrender by night.

This double used club is amazing in size. I went on a Friday morning\/afternoon and came out exhausted which means I had fun, obviously. The wait to get in isn't very long, then again we arrived 13 minutes after it opened. I believe it's free for locals on Friday so if you're local, you're 21+, and you're free on Fridays.. Com'on down! They offer open bar for ladies from 1-2 with mimosas and rum being the selected drink. There was a Captain Morgan cabana that had ladies offering free white rum drinks ~ delicious, delicious is all that comes to mind.

The thing that I really like about Encore\/Surrender is the multiple seating they offer around the plants, lol. We all know that to get seating anywhere in clubs it usually means playing or going through a club promoter BUT! Encore\/Surrender has a benches that wrap around the trees\/plants that you can sit on =)

I don't usually do day clubs, but have come to the conclusion that I will go to this one if needed.
A very strong three stars that I expect to upgrade at some point. This is a great concept that's pretty well executed. The dogs themselves are excellent, though I wish they had natural casings. The sauces are creative and tasty. The fresh cut fries were good, but needed a bit more crisping. The slaw was inoffensive but bland. Given the name, I wish they had more whiskeys available, and a few more local brews on tap would be nice to see. All those quibbles aside, I really like the place and I'll return for more tubular delights soon.
I was referred to this dentist by a friend who said her parents and people from there church went here. I like to stay with one dentist if I really like them since I feel that a good dentist who is skilled, has a good bedside manner and is trustworthy can be hard to find. My previous dentist finally moved too far away for me to follow her, so I gave this place a shot.
  
The receptionist is so nice. I actually enjoy speaking to her. The hygienists are all kind and patient and I like the tool they use for cleaning. It's not just your typical metal scaling tool and I feel like it's easier on my gums. The assistants were patient with me when it came to x-rays. I warned them of my terrible gag reflex and told them about the salt trick that works for me, and they didn't laugh when I got out a packet of salt from my purse (I swear it helps with gagging). 

Dr. Simpson has a wonderful bedside manner, and actually listens to his patients rather than rushing them out. He addressed my concerns, answered my questions, was understanding of my needle anxiety, and did it all with a charming smile (I'm a sucker for a nice smile). I've been back for a cavity filling and a chipped tooth repair and I couldn't even feel the shots. He's amazing with upper shots! He shaped the fillings perfectly on the first visit (some other dentists left me with fillings I had to go back one or two more times to have them grind them down because they weren't fitting with my bite). Not him, he got it right the first time! He's never tried to sell me on things I don't need, he is just helping me keep my teeth and gums healthy. I hate when dentists want to point out your flaws to try to sell you on veneers or invisaline or some such nonsense.

 In conclusion, I will keep going to this office and recommend them to everyone I know.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!  Just left this hotel on this past Tuesday evening. Seriously amazing experience.  From the food to the service you really cannot go wrong.

Service: Miguel the host was amazing.  He was SO good to us every single morning that we went to the restaurant.  It is because and thanks to him that our experience was always 5 stars.  The manager was also very good to my family and I.

Thank you Vania Carlos & Jefferson for great service as well.  Very sweet and attentive.

Food:  The food was amazing!! I ordered the Omellete Verdure every day for four days straight.   This did not bore me in any way.  Actually,  it was the complete opposite of boring. It was the best omelette I have ever had in my life. EXTREMELY FRESH INGREDIENT WARNING.  Omelette came with fresh crunchy asparagus spears, zucchini, and fresh broccoli florets.  UNBELIEVABLE.  They also put rosemary in their omelettes which I think is genius.

Ambiance: Great if you dine on the terrace!!

Waffles are delicious.  They come with banana, strawberry, and whip cream YUMM

The bread is beyond.  Obviously made by their own bakery.  SO DELICIOUS.  


Thank you for the amazing food and amazing experience!
Management is making a bad situation good. Will re-review, once completed.
Gross, gross, gross! If they spent as much money as they did on the decor as they did their food it might be a better Burger you can definitely tell the patties came from frozen meat, the french fries were very low budget Costco french fries with no flavor the bottle sodas weren't enough quench your thirst,the decor is way outdated not to mention it was dirty. Best part was it was cheap, cash only!
Outstanding!  ...Not really much more I can add to that :)
Fresh, delicious and ingredients that are TOP Quality !

I am not affiliated with the restaurant or staff. 

ENJOY!
Do not let this company deliver to you! 

I ordered a package through amazon, the package was supposed to be delivered to my business yesterday(2\/2\/10) it did not show up during normal business hours, and as I do not live at my office after business hours I left. 

Apparently at 6:22 On Trac showed up to deliver my package and upon seeing no one there just left the package at the front door. When I arrived this morning there was no package. Calls to the company haven't helped the problem at all.

Please listen to me and the other reviews on here and DO NOT use this company. I've filed a complaint with Amazon and am going to file a complaint with the BBB
Excellent suggested Irish whiskey 
Beef cheek ravioli was fantastic.
Service was also very, very good.
Great location in central Stuttgart with a view of the plaza. Ample outdoor seating. Beer was good but the food was a little bland. Service is fast and staff friendly. Go for the atmosphere and drinks.
Yeah yeah, my good friend works here but that is not why I've given it 5 stars. I've given it 5 stars for what they've done for my allergies.

Allergies? At an ENT place?  Why yes!   My friend is an ear doc and having known me for over 15 years AND living in SAvannah with me, she knows how bad my allergies were there. They are FAR worse here. I've pretty much had a headache, runny nose, sore throat at least every day since I moved.

Allergy pills:  please.. worthless and if they don't knock you out they make you hyper.   Shots:  tried 'em. Eh.   I've had to go to Urgent Care several times because my throat has nearly closed shut due to the amount of crap in the air here.

So, probably because she's sick of listening to me whine, bitch, and hack up a lung; she told me to come to the office for allergy testing. I balked and told her pills and shots are not working here.  

This place offers something new:  allergy drops.  Now, they are NOT covered by insurance because well, the US is always a day late dollar short in medical advances.  Europe has been using these for years.    Less side effects, you only go in every three months for new dosage\/refills, no copays every time you go in like you do with shots, and no cotton mouth, no hyper\/drowsiness.  

I went in and got a new allergy panel to find out of the 24 common allergens here, I'm highly allergic to all 24 . So I qualified for the drops obviously.

YOu are given a vial of a personalized elixir made specifically for your personal allergens.  They give you enough for 3 months.  YOu place these drops under your tongue each morning, wait 3 minutes and swallow it . Boom, done.

So far. So good.  Thank you valley ENT!!!  Thank you for being a innovator here in the States. They were also VERY clear that ain't no way insurance will pay for anything other tan the allergy panel.  But, the cost is equivalent to if you had to go in for shots and pay a copay.
Fynn's is your typical "college pub", it's right up the street from Ryerson and across from Maple Leafs Garden.  The pub has had a resurgence since the rink has opened above Loblaws, so if you're looking to grab a quiet pint, this is not the place.

I've never eaten the food, and I'm not even sure I would want to given the state of the floor and run down interior.  The bathrooms need a little help, so if you can hold it, hold it.

The best thing about this place....the beer is cheap and cold.
I really enjoyed Dorothy 6. The atmosphere is comfortable with a sleek mix of industrial accents (from the historic furnace, Dorothy 6) and modern  decor. The gigantic chandler in the entrance way is unbelievably entrancing. While the upstairs loft could be a cozy space to spend on date night or with a group of friends! The outdoor space proves a metaphorical oasis in a "cement jungle", and the employees who assisted me were knowledgeable and friendly!
Speaking from the point of view of a Chinese person, this restaurant has the most authentic Chinese food in the area. As a family run restaurant, the owner, Cindy, makes anyone feel a part of the family. Of course the food is stupendous. If you like spicy food, then this is your "Lucky" day. Dive into a bowl of Dan Dan Noodles, fire up your mouth with Kung Pao Chicken, and\/or enter bliss with the only freshly fried General Tso Chicken you'd find anywhere. After trying the food once, you'll be coming back every week (like I do).
I am so disappointed! I love Ross in general, but this one is limited, cluttered,and had no toilet paper in the single bathroom - after repeated requests! Won't return to this location.
I feel like something is missing here and I can't put my finger on it. This place is ok I think bungalow has better burgers. I have wanted to love this place cause it has such a cool name but the 3x I have been here I felt uncomfortable after I ate. The portions are good and I'm not a big fatso who can't stop eating. There is just something strange about this place. Push comes to shove I'd certainly go here again but lol the way I feel after is certainly strange.
This is the best movie theater love the IMAX theater,has the best in sound and picture. The only thing better is the IMAX 3D for the ultimate in picture and sound, plus comfy seating
Those guys are awesome! Fast and quality service. I needed to urgently fix my phone and they were very professional. Their price is really good as well.
!00% recommended!!
I rarely yelp, I'm not into the fad however when I feel a place deserves recognition, I will... Anyways, Emily our server was wonderful took care of us wonderfully even tho she was busy. The banana muffins are absolutely superb. My skillet was so good. Great portions I couldn't even finish it. Great first time experience... I totally recommend this place
Service was terrible, we had to ask for soy sauce... It took 20 minutes to get our second round of orders and the sushi was cold the whole time.
Overall for 55 $ for 2 ppl, go get good quality sushi from somewhere else.
Went here for lunch on our wedding anniversary. Had steak. It was a little on the salty side, but cooked well. There was nothing that really stood out about the restaurant other than that. I'd go back when I want a little more "upscale" meal.
Simply the best local radio station. 

What was once "News, Jazz, NPR" Duquesne University sold WDUQ in 2011 and after some shifting of names, the station has settled as WESA. They feature a format of all public radio programming, primarily from NPR, but also from PRI, The BBC and local programming. 

The move to drop Jazz (still broadcast on their digital HD-2 frequency and streaming online) caused some initial grumbling from the old guard, but the format of all information or public radio entertainment programming is (in my humble opinion) a welcome addition to the discourse in town. 

This is where you can hear "Morning Edition", "All Things Considered", and "Fresh Air" daily, as well as PRI-distributed shows like "Q with Qian Qhomeshi" (an incredible interview show from the CBC in Canada) The BBC World Service, "The Dinner Party", "Marketplace", "The World", "Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me", "This American Life", "The Diane Rehm Show", and many many more. 

I see that some people have mentioned that the local programming isn't up to their standards; I would disagree here a little. Much of the programming and reporting that they do locally is as in-depth and interesting as it should be. Sometimes local issues don't merit much more than WESA gives them, and I find the reports from both Larkin Paige-Jacobs during ATC and Josh Raulerson during Morning Edition to be interesting and extremely valuable in a world where most journalism seems to be aimed at scaring the elderly into an indignant state. I would direct anyone who wants a good example of this to look at Josh's recent series of reports on Pittsburgh's ailing bridges, which culminated in a wonderful account a great success story in the Hot Metal Bridge. 

I do agree, however, a little bit with "Essential Pittsburgh" leaving me wanting. What i was desperately hoping for with this daily, noontime (and 8pm) anchor for local reporting was a show that felt more like "Q" or "Fresh Air". When they announced it would be a "Daily magazine of news, newsmakers, and the arts" I wanted to hear the host sit down and discuss things with people of note, to celebrate the good and interesting that is going on. Instead, the show seems to try to take a hard-line journalism approach to all stories, not matter the subject matter. It lacks the ease and welcoming tone of Terri Gross, Jian Ghomeshi, or even the rather curmudgeonly Marc Maron and this makes it hard to listen to it. I like the packages they play from "Hearing Voices" and other local reports like Josh's aforementioned Bridge Series, but the interviews from the host often feel like they are digging, where there is no controversial depth. Rather, what it feels is needed, is an easy conversation that creates a tone where these people open up and share. 

With that one caveat, I have to say that WESA is not only an incredibly valuable part of the media landscape, but I truly believe it is incredibly important. It is the one place to get straightforward, interesting and informational content broadcast to you in the region. They are a vital part of the fabric of this city, and I encourage anyone and everyone to visit their website, and explore what they do. I think you will be surprised what WESA offers. 

Additionally, it is important to note that while you can certainly stream NPR programming from other stations, or even directly from NPR, the network operates by having affiliates like WESA pay dues, and they can only do that if listeners support them. If people stop supporting the affiliates, the affiliates won't be able to support NPR through their dues, and the whole system will risk collapse. Just a note that no matter how we access the national programming, if we value it then it is good to consider supporting it in some way. I chose to support it through WESA.
This place is awesome!! We have been servicing our cars here for years now and made the mistake of going to another big name automotive shop "to try someplace new." Oh lesson learned and never again will we stray from Ted Wiens most specifically this location.  Everytime here we have been helped by different people, and each experience has been pleasant, non stressful and no pressure to sell us services or products we didn't need.  But our most previous visit (10\/28\/16) for our car service, we met location manager Ricky and the associate that actually took care of us named Brianna and it was the most awesome experience ever!! We waited in the waiting area and the way they interacted not only with us, but with all the customers that were there , were treated with genuine care, respect and friendliness. The way they provide customer service there was exceptional, it made us feel very comfortable and very confident driving away knowing our car was given the utmost care. Thank you Brianna and Ricky and the rest of the awesome crew at Ted Wiens Warm Springs location. I highly highly recommend this location, they are friendly, knowledgeable and just the best ever!!
This place is not for me. I got kicked out for just wanting to drink water last time. Bartender ignored me for at least 15 minutes and was pretty rude about it. Drinks are reasonably priced and pretty strong, bartenders are cool, and there's a good amount of pool tables. That's about it. Every person I've ever seen there is incredibly shady and pretty off. I'm pretty sure you have a good chance of getting stabbed there. The people just come off really sketchy. And if you wanna sit outside be prepared to be approached by the homeless.
Being that I've moved here recently from NY, It's nice to find pizza that compares to back home. Nice thin crust, tasty cheese and the good kind of grease. Love it! And the wings are delicious too
I have been to this Zipps many times in addition to 3 other locations.  I know how the food is supposed to be.  I do not know what happened tonight, but the food was terrible.  I got take out this evening.  I live about 7 miles away so I called on my way there.  They told me that it would be ready in 25 minutes.  It did not take me 25 minutes to get there.  My food was ready when I got there.  I ordered two Monaco Focaccias, a cheeseburger and some mozzarella sticks.  I always order the Monaco Focaccia so I know how good it can be.  Tonight it was not completely filled with chicken and it didn't have any cheese in it.  There were several slices of it that were completely empty.  The fries were overcooked, cold and hard.  There was a black curly hair cooked into one of the mozzarella sticks.  Disgusting!!
It was a very strange experience where I'm not sure if the masseuse and I had an inappropriate encounter; I think he owes me dinner?

The realization is that I had spent $30 for an hour and a half of what I believe what was suppose to be a massage.  I had so many laughs about my disbelief about the positions that my limbs were in that I laughed half of the time, the other half of the time I was in pain from the gentleman's overly strong hands and strokes.  Evidently my request for the young lad to be softer\/more gentle with me meant faster and harder; who knew??

You get what you pay for so expect below the minimum for $30 but hopefully you'll get comedy relief like what I had received on this fine evening.
Got dinner delivered from this place once via Just-Eat, and boy, it was the worst Thai food I ever had! I was sick and wanted some nice Tom kha kai (spicy coconut-chicken soup), and it was the blandest thing I have ever eaten. It was as though they grabbed a can of coconut milk and threw in some sliced white button mushrooms and called it a day. Bleech. Never again! Now we pick up from Khmer on the other side of Oakwood, and it's awesome.
MOVER BEWARE. They are great when they start out but once you have paid LOOK OUT. There truck was in an accident on the way to our home. delayed the move by 2 days and when they unloaded everything was damaged. All the glass was broken, plates, vases you name it. Furniture was broken in half, corners that where protected were damaged. Our furniture is destroyed. Guess what, they will not respond. Maria lied to us three times, so nice in the beginning. Shawn was great, now no communication at all. Crickets.
This place is worth every penny- by far the best pedicure I have ever had. Lacey took care of me and it was so relaxing. I will recommend The. Pedicure Lounge to everyone! The beer didn't hurt either...
Very nice staff here, and fair prices.
i really wanted to like this place more than i did. i had been reading the yelp reviews and scanning the menu and thought it would be the perfect place for a saturday night dinner. one of the best parts about the place is the parking being so close. 

we walked in and the hostess literally just stared at us. i thought maybe she was in the middle of having a stroke but no she just hasn't adopted proper social skills yet, which is the perfect type of person to hire as the hostess of your restaurant. she sat us at our table and we shortly met our waiter, who i believe was named Jim but he said or Ted...? he IDed us for our cocktails which made me and my fiancé feel awkward as we're almost 30 and he has a giant beard and a few grey hairs. whatever i guess. i had the shrub daisy and my fiancé had a bourbon cocktail and both were possibly the best cocktails we've ever had. we finished almost our entire drinks before our waiter came back, not because of how great they were, because of how inattentive the service was. finally we got around to ordering oysters, and then he left. we wanted to order more appetizers, but had to wait another 15 minutes to do so. i'm going to try and give the service the benefit of the doubt by saying maybe they were understaffed but the place wasn't even full. 

finally we get the oysters and my fiancé is in the restroom. he asks me what kind they are since they were "chefs selection". i had no answer for him because i wasn't told what ANY of them were. as an appetizer i ordered the charred octopus and my fiancé ordered the arancini (which our waiter repeated back to us "air-an-seeni"... if you're going to serve italian dishes it would behove of the staff to learn the proper pronunciation). here is where i made a mistake. i didn't inform our waiter of my dairy and egg allergy because nothing on the dish was assumed by me to include dairy or egg. when it came out it clearly did, in the celery root purée. i asked the waiter if there was dairy and egg in it and he said "yeah probably. you're just going to have to eat around it". LOL. OK! i quickly tell him that no, i won't be "eating around it" unless he would like to administer an epi pen for me. i tell him about the allergies and order the mussels. those finally come out and clearly contain a butter broth to which i'm told they don't. then he comes back and apologizes that it does. at this point i don't even want an appetizer but the mussels came out anyways in about 10 minutes, they were definitely excellent. as the waiter dropped the mussels off, he says "i'm going to get your drinks!" (which we had ordered about 12 minutes prior). my fiancé was under the impression that he was trying to do us a favor by taking care of our drinks since he made a mistake with the mussels, but that wasn't the case. like another yelper stated, this place obviously can't be bothered with trying to make up for their mistakes on the bill. 

for our entrees, i had the vegan ravioli and he had the veal liver. the ravioli was okay. it would have been a lot better if they used garlic and oil instead of marinara. the marinara has no flavor and since there no meat in the dish it makes the entire thing flavorless. my fiancé didn't like his liver however it was just an acquired taste. again, we hardly saw our waiter once during the time we were eating. usually the waiter or waitress checks in on you and asks how everything is. not the case, several times we had to flag him down. he looked to be in a frantic state most of the night which made us both feel awkward and uncomfortable. 

id also like to mention that while we were ordering our entrees my fiancé asked about the size of the liver and he pointed to the table behind us to show us for reference since one of the patrons just got his. during this time, a woman at the table called our waiter over, while in the middle of taking our order, and started ordering more food. not only did our waiter say "hold on" to us, he went over, took the old ladies order, THEN went into the back to place it while me and my fiancé were sitting with our thumbs in our asses. i couldn't believe my eyes. 

i forgot to mention the decor, which is because it's horrible. it's dark and extremely outdated. this is not the way a farm to table restaurant looks. it looks like the decor you would see on kitchen nightmares before gordon ramsey gives it a makeover. the large mirrors in the back are probably the only redeeming characteristic. 

all in all i can't say we would ever come back for food. it wasn't good enough to outweigh the extremely poor service. i've heard the happy hour is pretty good though so maybe we will try that. for reference; my fiancé is from NYC and i lived there for two years and neither of us have ever had such rude service as thing. not worth the $170.
I mean its the Four Seasons.  Need I say more?

OK, if you insist.

We made reservations, but didn't need them, there was plenty of available seating.  The place has that "undiscovered" feel to it.  It's probably because of it's location, I don't know how much traffic they get.  But getting there was a breeze, pulled up to valet, turn to the left and a short 20-yard walk and voila!

I will absolutely come back in the summer when the stunning patio is open for diners.  That was the only disappointment.  But the interior is also lovely, and broken up a bit by sheers and dividers.

I think our sunday breakfast came out to $35\/ea...I don't know, I don't care.  It was culinary pampering.  Exquisite, white glove service, insanely good coffee and delicious breakfast options.  They make custom blend fruit juice, i think ours was peach mango OJ or something...outstanding.

As usual, you get what you pay for.  Enjoy!  :-)
Being a Lobster fanatic, i just had to try this place during a quick trip to Vegas. I was a bit surprised and disappointed to see that this is more of a fast food type set up. I was expecting and would have preferred a sit down place with actual plates and silverware.  However, this place is definitely a must-try for all lobster lovers! Is the lobster the best quality around? No. However, it's still good and where else can you get lobster waffles, lobster grilled cheese, lobster ice cream, lobster on a stick (list goes on and on...) for a reasonable price? 

This is certainly not a nice dinner place - but for a unique and delicious breakfast and\/or lunch and\/or late night treat in Vegas, LobsterMe is a GREAT choice! I will be back the next time im in\/around Planet  Hollywood.
This place started out great, but has really gone down hill.  It takes FOREVER to get your food out to you when you're doing AYCE.  The lunch and dinner specials are pretty good and pretty reasonably priced, but the AYCE has become a total rip-off.  I'm not sure if it's under new management now or what, but we're officially looking for a new sushi restaurant.  My wife is Japanese, and this used to be our favorite sushi place in town - but no more :(
This place is nicer than the Tempe location.  Super easy and fun and quick and sooooo cheap.  Me and two kids stuffed our faces with as much sushi, desserts, edamame, pot stickers, etc until we were full and the bill was $20.
Portionen sind wie immer etwas mickirig im Vergleich zum Preis, aber das weiß man ja vorher. Dafür finde ich die Qualität der Speisen im Großen und Ganzen in Ordnung. Mit dem Personal hatte ich die letzten Male auch immer Glück gehabt. Soweit gab es nichts zu beanstanden. Die Toiletten sind allerdings unter aller Sau und gehören mal wieder einer Grundreinigung unterzogen.
Best place in Las Vegas they take their time the nails are quality and they're very friendly
I think I'm over the whole 'trying to dance to 60s music' thing. The song selection is the same no matter where you go because kids these days don't recognize songs that aren't from the Beatles or Rolling Stones apparently. 

One time I came here for my birthday and it was just a random free-for-all of music. S Club 7 was included which was really cool unfortunately the two DJs who both looked like Zooey Deschanel did not play my request for Bizarre Love Triangle. I however neglected to inform them it was my birthday so that's understandable. I would have played S Club 7 over New Order any day. 

The $5 cover is really nice. I got there around 11pm and there was a small line but I met some people in the line, one of which I think was DJ Jazzy Jeff, and we got in sooner. They also paid my cover and got me a shot. The dance floor is big and accommodating and if you get there late enough it will actually have people dancing rather than standing around awkwardly. 

I don't know about hipsters. I've been here plenty of times and there were just normal people, some old, some young, some B listers. I think I saw David Arquette there once dancing with Miranda July during TIFF. It's very diverse. The drinks are also reasonably priced. Like $5-6 for beers and $7 for the only beer I drink there which is Sapporo and around $5 for mixed drinks. Coat check is $2. 

Another night I went though, the DJ was some dopey kid who was definitely younger than me (and I'm young) and the girls I was with requested Age of Consent like HOW DO YOU EVEN DANCE to that? Get real. He said he didn't know if he had that song so INSTEAD he played Bizarre Love Triangle which made my night. I was also surprised to see him singing along with it too! 

Sneaky Dee's shake a tail is the same music as 60s night Saturday's here and pretty much everywhere else so I guess just go to whichever venue is closer to you. Ironically Clinton's is further from my building, American Gardens Building, but I still kind of prefer it to the other places. OH also they play old school movies on a projector during the dances.

So... you know.
Expect a pretty hefty price premium for having work done here.  I was quoted at about 2-2.5x what I heard elsewhere for a simple job.

They do have loaner cars and do complimentary car washes though, which is nice, but for the price point I struggle to see the value.
I had waffle with ice cream - Ok. Nothing special. I wish they have more variety of toppings like mango, green tea shaved ice cream, anko (red bean paste) etc something that ordinary place doesn't offer. Maybe I will bring my own topping next time lol

Cup cakes - Interesting selection of cup cakes. Flavor is good especially green tea one (I had green tea one and cookie and cream one). Problem is those cup cakes were seating there for a while so it was really hard and crunchy like brick. Cup cakes are in the glass display without proper cover so moisture is sucked in the dry air and make cup cakes very chewy.

If the cup cakes were soft and moist, then I would've really liked them.

This place has potential but has a lot of room to grow. I wish I can see this place year after year but for now, hardly likely
Closest thing to being In Mexico the food is so good the service is always great and the atmosphere is filled with fun..
Dinner was great. The food was fresh and tasty. Service was fast and friendly. I would come back. ;) They also have 4 big screen tv's and we watched the Jays play!  The only con is that I wish the rice was served hotter and they brought us bowls instead of plates, otherwise it was very good.
Since discovering Potbelly, I will not go anywhere else for a quick sub-style sandwich. They just do everything better then Subway or Quiznos, and by a large margin. 

The meats and vegetables are of better quality and fresher, the bread tastes better, the extras (drinks, soups, chips, cookies. shakes) are tastier and more interesting, and the people are nicer. I have found this to be true at several locations.

They also allow local musicians to play in the restaurants on some designated days. It's a nice thought, but I don't really think it adds much to the restaurant. Points for trying to reach out to the local community, though.
This place was WAY better when they hired illegals. The "Ultimate" wash is more like "1\/2 ass" at best. No thanks.
I bought two Las Vegas properties with USA, and have had them manage them. Within a month of tenant occupancy we had a major sewer backup (I put the tenants into a hotel). USA was fantastic in coordinating the extensive repairs (I live out of town). This was over and above!

USA has done an excellent job in screening and recommending tenants. Any house problems reported by the tenant was swiftly forwarded to me and repairs promptly handled by the USA repair teams. 

Property management firms have the difficult task of representing the owner and advocating for the tenants. I know that they are successfully doing this for me and my tenants, based on my renewal rates - tenants rarely leave:)
Jury duty has me in downtown Phoenix 2 days a week. I have never spent much time in this part of Phoenix and have made it my lunch time focus to find a good place to eat or places. I wanted a burger looked on Yelp. Coney Island Grill was close. I liked the feel of the restaurant. It is small and the tables have sewed vinyl tops to cover the tables. I liked this touch. Made the tables look very cleaned.  I went in and asked the gentleman at the cash register I was wanting a burger but did he have any recommendations. He went through several items he liked and when he recommended the Bacon Cheese Burger. About the employees. While I was waiting on the burger I had a chance to watch how they treated their customers. All I can say is WOW. Everyone got the same great service I had received. The employees were very friendly and helpful to everyone. They get an A+ for customer service. My burger came out and it was very good. It was flavorful and just the right size. I especially liked the bun. Not sure what kind of bun it was but it really made the burger. Out of all the places I have eaten down town this is one of the places I am coming back to and trying something else off their menu. If you want good food and great customer service give them a try. You will like them. Now what am I going to try next. (I will probably just ask for another recommendation). Oh Oh. The price for a burger and a drink no fries?? $7.00 plus some change. Great value!!
Thank you, Trey for helping us deliver food to those in need and to people helping them! Although we are not local, we send love to Las Vegas through you. We will definitely need to come try your food on our next trip. Lots of love xx
Going to the Library on a Saturday night makes me feel old at 26 and like Chris Hansen from "To Catch a Predator" might jump out any second. Thankfully I don't feel quite as old going to the Library on a Friday night during happy hour. Chris and I went once on a Saturday night when they were apparently charging a $10 cover charge which somehow I avoided (the keep walking trick was very effective). The music being played was good but there was no room to dance...heck there was barely enough room to just stand and take a sip of my beer without getting knocked into. The schoolgirl attire for the waitresses and their dancing on the bar is super gimmicky and makes it look like the Library is just trying way too hard. Because of this dancing on the bar, there are no cameras allowed. After that one outing, we decided not to return on a weekend night.

Starting this summer, we started going to the Library every few weeks on Fridays at 6 pm for trivia and happy hour. The happy hour crowd is very mixed, so we don't feel creepy being there. Draft beer is $3 as are rum and cokes during happy hour. I haven't tried a lot of food--I'm more into the drinking aspect of HH--but I am not a fan of their seasoned fries at all. Much too spicy for me. The garden salad I ate this past weekend was rather large for $4.95 and it was much better and freshier than I anticipated receiving at a place like the Library. My husband is a fan of the chicken quesadillas which during happy hour are $5.20. So not a super spectacular deal, but cheaper than they normally would be. The trivia aspect is a lot of fun and first thru third places get a prize. Our team came in third this past week, but the only slightly annoying thing was that you can't use the gift certificate that visit. So sneaky Library!
I have to give it to the owners for trying, but this place just doesn't quite give me the same feel as Breakfast Club. I know, I know, it's a different place, it's not trying to be Breakfast Club, except that... it kind of is? Same drink specials board, same furniture, same decor.  Roxbury is a mix of the 80's and 90's, but it seems to be heavily leaning towards 90's, which I'm not ready to admit was all that long ago. 

I had never been inside whatever it used to be before it was Roxbury, but you can almost hear the Ghost of Frat Boys Past calling everybody "brah" from the shadows. I hope they have plans to redo the interior- I want less wood, more paint and neon. Black and white tiles, glow in the dark paint, Pac Man murals. It has the appearance of a typical Irish pub throwing an 80's party- very temporary. 

I was pleased that the DJ downstairs was spinning real vinyl, but disappointed in the music he was spinning. I did hear one Michael Jackson song, but everything else was boy bands- N' Sync, Backstreet Boys, LFO, 98°. The basement was slightly more appealing than the upstairs, but I didn't really look around that much. 

I'm placing this solidly in the "Meh" category- I'll go if somebody else wants to, but I'm not putting it at the top of my own list. In the meantime if you need me, I'll be driving past 6th and Caldwell singing sad Phil Collins songs.
Food was INCREDIBLE!  The atmosphere is very old school vegas and the service is amazing!!  Don't let the weird exterior fool you.  This place is a classic steakhouse and so fantastic.  I also, would like to give a huge shout out to the Valentines Day photographer who mastered the art of avoiding the double chin in what turned out to be some of my fav pics of my boyfriend and I.
Shawn and Jennifer from Mister Rogers Homes Team are the dream realtors you want when buying or selling a home. My family has used them on both sides.  The latest awesomeness from them was when they came in and sold my parents home in Chandler in under a week! Thats right, a week! It had barely hit the MLS and they already had a ton of people coming to see the home and within 3 days had multiple bids! If you are looking for someone to sell your home, this team is the real deal. Same with buying a home. Always available, upbeat and ready to make things happen. My family highly recommends Roger, Jennifer and team!
Everything is relative, right? I don't want to give four-stars to a taco place, but as far as taco places go, this is one of the best in Phoenix. You need to know what to order though. Don't get the beef ribs, they are tough and chewy. Make sure you try the carne asada tacos, the cabeza tacos and a Mexican coke. You may also notice that the tortilla chips suck and come from CostCo. This is bad for tortilla chips, but good for the restaurant. They don't have a deep fryer, so they can't fry chips. But then again, they don't have a deep fryer! I bet there is no microwave in the kitchen either.
This is my favorite TGIF location. The main reason is the service. Michelle H. Is my bartender for life. She is so nice and pleasant to be around with, The appetizers are great and the rest of the staff is super friendly. I personally like the onion rings, they are cooked perfectly all the time. Fridays !!!!! I love this location.
Charming little old fashioned restaurant.  Delicious food.  good price. Friendly faces and good service.
These guys serviced my car without the attempt to drive the price up and the service was amazing.  They did not treat my ole beat up car any different than they would any newer more expensive car.  They inspected my car and guess what, the things they told me needing attention were actually the things I already knew prior to going there which means they are honest and competent.
I wanted this place to be good, I really did. But I'm sad to report that I was very underwhelmed. The concept is great, tons of beer options on tap and they are very adorable. And our server was super sweet. That is the only reason I didn't rate this place lower. But we ordered the buffalo chicken dip and it came out cold. Not room temperature or cool. Literally cold like it came straight out of the refrigerator. When we told our server she was mortified and sure apologetic. She brought it back and it was nice and got the second time. But still just unacceptable. I'm new to the area in north Phoenix\/Scottsdale and we could really use a neat place to grab a beer. This one just didn't do it for me unfortunately.
Really cute Korean and Japanese restaurant by Bathurst and Bloor. My friend and I came for summerlicious and it was so great that we are definitely looking forward to trying this place again another time. Prices normally aren't too bad either. Their soba noodles were really refreshing and hit the spot for the hot day we went. My friend really enjoyed her veggie bibimbap, especially the fresh mangoes which she kept raving about. It's not something usually seen in the dish so it was a nice touch. The tempera was delicious although I was too full to truly appreciate all the pieces. My aburi sushi was slightly too torched for my liking, but it was still good.
 The booths we sat in all had Korean grills installed so they also offer kbbq which is cool. The decor is a good representation of Korean and Japanese culture. 
The table next to us had a pair of friends completely new to Korean and Japanese cuisine and the waitress took the time to introduce each dish and explain how to eat it too!
I'm a huge fan of Chopped and was looking forward to this restaurant.  I loved the crispy artichoke...really superb.  The cavatelli pasta had virtually no sauce with it and was very salty.  However, Mr. Conant would have been CHOPPED for the veal parmesan!!  It looked beautiful the way the chop was butterflied.  However, it was heavily breaded and had virtually no seasoning....I'm surprised he lets this happen.  Would have loved to see how the other judges would have rated it.
Excalibur needs some renovations for sure!
Hotel it's ok, location is what's good there.
There needs to have a crew maintaining\/cleaning glass doors, elevators doors. It's just look scrappy. 
Staff is ok but when you walk through other hotels you can see and feel the difference when staff is alert, paying attention, and know everything about the pace they work at.

Departments needs to talk to each other and be in sync. Not just passed the ball back and forth which means you talk to someone who sends you to another person who only takes care of a portion of what you need, therefore, you get sent to yet another person.
Funny, and no, you don't need to be a fan of the books to enjoy it!
So I come to the DA about once a week on Wednesday's for trivia. Our team usually takes it and with that, you get a $20 gift card, so Ive tried a lot on the menu here.

Sometimes, they have good servers, other times you'll be lucky to get service within a half an hour. Their tator tots are usually good. They give you free refills on juice if you're not a big drinker and their pizzas are usually pretty good. I also like their Frisco Burger. That being said, the food here is usually super greasy to the point of god why did I eat that. Again there's exceptions, but most of the wraps are just kinda meh. If you order a Cobb Salad - good god its the size of a toddler's head, its good but jeez louise its massive. Hard to have conversations here sometimes because of how loud it is, but it is neighborhood-y and doesnt feel like a chain, so hazzah for ambiance.

Final verdict: ordering a pizza is your best bet, the Hawaiian and Spinach pizzas are the best ones, the high top chairs can sometimes be uncomfortable and the tables wobble a lot. Peace out.
What a disappointment. Always loved going to Cracker Barrel when on vacation. We would look forward to a big plate of delicious food. Not this trip. It was very busy and for some reason our waitress was working our section and another section on the other side of the restaurant. Made for very bad service and extended delays in getting things. Our waitress was nice enough but she was overwhelmed. 
So the food.  4 people with 4 different orders and not a single meal was any good. Country Fried Steak was impossible to chew. The breakfast special was half the size of the picture. The grits were watery. And so on and so on. Could not catch a server or manager to complain so we finally left. 
Don't know if it is poor management or the whole chain is trying to get cheap. Not sur I would ever go back.
I just love places that offers daily specials! Dub Linn Gate does have so many different offerings for Happy Hour and Daily specials!

Steam Whistle and Wings Special ($10.99) on Wednesday is a Sweet Hot Deal! What's better than water down your Hot wings with a cold local beer at a good price! The wings is quite tasty and great as a late night snack!

Music definitely can be a little loud in the bar area even on a weeknight after 10 pm! Just ask the server to sit you at the back, far far away from the loud music, then everything is alright!

Service is efficient and friendly. 

Drinks and Food Specials everyday?! Yes I will be back again!
Good service (kateland), expensive but excellent selection. And easy delivery of food from local eateries.  Sports heavy but easy to ignore.
We bought the Groupon to try their service and are extremely happy.  We are going to now just use their service instead of shopping around.  They have a First Responder, Veteran, and Military discount which is much appreciated in our household.  The tech that came out was so friendly and informative!  Highly recommend using this business, you won't be disappointed.

Great location, great vibe, and great ice cream. Will be back ASAP with some more of my happy clients.
Great park, this morning I did my first Yoga session with my trainer Michelle and with this perfect weather and no one to stare at me falling over lol, made me like this park that much more :)
Great Kosher pizza! One of the very few pizza places where I actually eat the crust as well. Full of flavor and a must try. Me and the wife ordered the Godfather. It was packed full of flavor!

Can't wait to try their other items on the menu!
I love this place everything is literally made from scratch it may be a little pricey but its worth every penny, the po boys are good & the gumbo is excellent.
If you bowl this place is for you!  Bowl-A-Vard Lanes was the last place my Dad and I spent quality time together (mid Jul-13).  He enjoyed bowling and pool in his younger days so it was the perfect place to take him.  He was amazed and impressed with their 40 bowling lanes.  I'd have a beer and bowl a round there any day.
In reality this Hotel deserves a one star, but for the price point I have given this a two.


# Things thay are broken\/wrong and cannot be fixed:
a) This hotel is off the strip, so be prepared to drive every where or spent money on monorail rides.
b) The parking garage is bit off and is not at all connected to the Hotel. So if you are going to use car every where this will be easily time killer

# Things that are broken\/wrong and CAN be fixed:
a) Guest service. They were pretty rockheads with no decency to apologize or make any sort of arrangements. On July 30th 2016 in morning, the entire Ghori had emergency water shutdown. I called them to ask whats up; I was informed about this, but they were pretty rude. When I asked them when this will be resolved, they said we dont have any idea. No apologies or anything to add to this discussion. They didn't even offer a call back to inform when this will be restored. I had to keep the tap running to get notified when the water is back. An hour later cold water was restored, but not the hot water. I had to wait for another 1 hour for hot water to be restored. To add to this, they have a strict policy of 11AM check out. Couple of my family member had to shower in cold water.

b) Guest Service: I also came with my hrand parents who regularly require warm-hot water for drinking. I asked for a microwave but they said they didn't have any. I stayed at many Hotels that don't keep microwave in the room, but upon asking they would make arrangement with a portable one. There guest services again was helpless without any apologizes.

c) Elevators: OMG, they have 4 Elevators in the tower we were staying, but all of them taked freaking 5-10 minutes to service. Either only one or two of them are working or the elevator management is terrible. They also have scenic elevator, which has see through glass to look outside. However its not well maintained. There are many water, oil marks from inside. This elevator has a registry issue. It cannot take more than three stops at a time. Meaning if you are among the top floor guest, you will have to wait to input your floor number. Weird!

d) Outdated bathroom: Shower was very slow as most of the water was flowing from the tap. The lever that  selects between tap and shower was broken. Tiles were pretty ugly in one of the two rooms that we had booked.

e) Broken AC: AC was working but not cooling at all. Even if I had kept it on 68F, it wqs struggling to cool in one of my room. Other room was fine.

# Things good about the hotel
a) Price
b) 55-60 inch flat TV with better app service.
c) comfortable Beds

Overall i felt disappointed with my stay here and regret not paying $50 more for a hotel near strip and with better guest service which was utmost importance.
I love Maggianos. I can't get enough of the Famous Rigatoni D. & they have the best calamari. I am also in love with the marinara sauce they use for the spaghetti as well as the chicken parmesan. Friendly staff & usually not very crowded when I come here. & I feel like I'm in the 1940s with the music they play. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
Without a doubt the finest hotel we have ever stayed in. That includes the Fountain-blue in Miami Beach. For a hotel that was opened in 1916, it defies description. We would not hesitate to stay here anytime we are in Pittsburgh. It is centrally located which allows walking to most anyplace. Including PNC Park.
Simply the best Italian food in the Phoenix area.  I've been going here for years and have never been disappointed.  Every item on the menu is delicious! 
Lo Cascio is a family owned restaurant and the owner always greets us like we were family.
1st time here and we didn't know what to expect... So we were very surprised to see so many cool things and choices of M & M's. Half a pound for $6.99 is steep! Each kid did a tiny bag and the total came out to $28 on candy!!  U should have seen my husband's face!! LoL 
The popular flavor was sold out- coffee! But we got to try the spicy M & M's and that was very interesting! It has a kick in the end!
Very tempted to buy all their overpriced souvenirs but came out with only candy!
Second floor is all the choices of M & M's ! Third floor has a free 3D movie, personalized M & M's and a souvenir penny machine maker! 
Overall, great experience for the kids!
Roasted milk tea with grass jelly! I swear it's like a drug. Convenient location for those of us at Yonge and Finch. This location is usually busy except for tonight! It was really cold maybe that's why there's no line ups, no one wants to come out. 

I had my usual roasted milk tea with grass jelly. I usually get it with no sugar because the grass jelly is already sweet. And on cold days like this I get it warmed. There's a distinct taste in this tea, it's like a drug, it makes you come back for more (not sure if that's a good thing or not?). I actually like the grass jelly in huge chunks, you keep sucking it up the straw it never ends! The milk tea is really smooth and creamy. 

This place seems spacious and there's free wifi. I usually get it to go, I rarely sit down here. The service is okay here, sometimes there might be communication issues. I find the servers speak really fast. Otherwise the drinks are good the place is good, just sucks when you have to wait for the long lines in the summer. I hope they keep opening up more stores!
Excellent Excellent Excellent! I was a walk in and when I arrived they were cleaning an already pristine shop! Very friendly and did excellent brow work!! Got threading and tint for what I saw being charged at salons for waxing. Will be going back for sure!!!
Just had a surprisingly delightful dinner here tonight and I didn't even know this is actually the oldest gastropub in Edinburgh! So it's also a place of historical significance!

FOOD\/DRINKS- haggis Bon bons: crispy and steaming hot when cut open, served nicely with mashed turnips, straw potatoes, cream fraiche and a light salad. It was delicious. Prawns & chorizo: served with fresh bread, prawns taste shrimpy and fresh while chorizo bits are spicy with a kick. The chorizo was a bit salty, but was perfect with the bread. Mulled wine was delicious and warmed my soul.

AMBIANCE\/DECOR- small restaurant with some bar counter seating, dimly lit, but not loud. Good for romantic date, casual dinner, and even an interview over dinner (like the two men to the table next of me tonight). The room was decorated with paintings and tables with candles. 

SERVICE\/STAFF- hit or miss. One staff was super friendly\/helpful while the other one was only average and seemed a bit anxious\/stressed out. When I entered the place downstairs into the bar section, the bartender saw me but ignored me. Good thing I figured it out soon enough...when I saw the door to the 'bistro' that I just walk upstairs! 

Overall, I had a very pleasant experience and the food\/mulled wine that I had was very enjoyable. I like the atmosphere and want to go back to try their other drinks and food items. Would recommend!
Ditto Chris N's terrible experience!!  

I drove almost an hour to the Chandler showroom.  Had planned to buy all my bathroom fixtures and appliances there.  The salesperson kept stopping from helping me to assist her coworkers and their customers.  Three hours to write up just the bathroom faucets!!  It took TWO WEEKS to get a QUOTE!!!!   When I FINALLY received, quote was missing an entire bathroom!  Gave up & ordered on line from a competitor.  Found a very knowledgeable, helpful, efficient person on line.  In one hour I had a quote.  Received special order product in less time than it took to get the quote from Pacific Sales!!  And, it turned out to be significantly less.

I did order and pay for FOUR TOTO TOILETS from Pacific sales.  Three weeks, no call to update me on status.  I just called and sat on hold for over 30 minutes.    Representative that answered told me my PREPAID order had been cancelled.  What?!  Then she decided it had just been rewritten under a new customer number.  Couldn't tell me why!  Once we determined there was in fact an order, I again asked the status.  Turns out it is sitting there and no one called me.  However, according to their notes, I've been called twice.  Yea, right!  

SHOP ELSEWHERE!!!!!!!!!!   Truly not worth the aggravation!
Had family in from out of town, they have a beautiful bar, and a nice ambience. Really great Pinot by the bottle selection. The WCG grill salad is the perfect balance of sweet and savory their tuna app was good, the best part was the cabbage salad underneath. Service was a little slow and the staff member, not our bartender, who brought our food seemed put off when we asked a second time for our additional large plate. Overall very nice place
If only Jody wouldn't be a part of this practice because 5 stars would be a given. I live on the west side and the peoria location is where I go. I believe she may be a borderline bipolar personality do to the fact that when I was a new patient I was treated great but after a few visits and a day late on a payment she got nasty. Dr Wright is an incredible orthodontist but I believe he has no clue of the cancer he has working in his business. My saving grace was a young lady named Shannon, she made me feel like I mattered. Get a handle on this plz or your going start losing more patients encouraging smile.
We were visiting the Old Port and hadn't counted on doing the Zip line but ended up taking multiple trips down the line.  Our kids loved it.  Friendly staff and a great thrill and view of the Old Port.  We went around noontime on a Sunday and it wasn't too crowded.
I love the PV Mall location.  All of their flavors are great, although I'm a purist and stick with regular aged balsamic vinegar when I actually purchase.  This stuff is addictive!  And the staff is very polite, helpful and friendly.
Not bad.  Not the best. 
Usually people are friendly and service is timely.
I wasn't impressed with the Drs.  But the regular staff is fine.
Selection of frames is small.
The onion rings at this restaurant are amazing, with the perfect amount of batter on them. The bacon butterburger is truly delicious. Also, the employees are courteous and provided a wonderful customer experience. I will be bringing my family and friends with me to this restaurant very soon.
The owner of this franchise should be ashamed. A bunch of bumbling space cadets working there. No leadership. Never going back in there. Ever.
Wow how this place has changed!
Back in Oakville for some reno shopping, had to stop by my old favorite wings and pool place 
Wings are still the same as I remember, a little disappointed in the pizza...the beer was cold so I'm happy 
Great service as usual.
Thanks for the memories Monaghan!
I used to love using this place for my anniversary for an enjoyable night. The loud music is expected & understood since this place has a club open until people choose to leave. The last 4 times I've been there have been horrible. TV was broken & the repair guy works early hours even though this place is a late night hours spot. Many times I booked the hotel with champagne & nothing was in the room. I'd call down to be told it would be right up & it would be a few hours. Once they even forgot. Same thing happened for a hair dryer that's suppose to be in the room. I recently started staying at the Rumor, a sister property, & I like it better but there is no club to take advantage of. The best Artisan ever did was take some small charge off of my room for not having a tv. I told these nightmare issues to employees at the Rumor & many of them have heard these complaints from customers & have said some of their clientele used to stay at the Artisan but no longer. They'd rather just take a cab or Uber to the club. The extra expense is worth it trust me. I don't know if I'll ever stay there again. I've managed to avoid it for about 1 1\/2 years now. It's sad I used to brag about my experience there. I guess things change.
Olga is an amazing lash artist. She always makes me look and feel my very best. She is so kind and has the lightest touch. Thank you for always making my lashes look fabulous!
I came in at 4:55 to have my oil changed. There were plenty of staff sitting around and the hours listed online was until 6:00pm. The guy at the register let me know that unfortunately, he couldn't change my oil because his guys were going home. It would be very helpful for them to change their hours online so potential customers don't waste their time coming in just to be turned away when there is another hour left in their listed hours!
What an atrocious excuse for a company. I came to pick up a cake I custom ordered and it was completely sloppy, tattered, lopsided and I was furious. When the general manager rang me out she said because I was upset with an attitude she wasn't going to give me a discount! Literally all she said was she was going to talk to her "decorators"... I'm shaking I'm so pissed. She just walked away when I obviously got upset... they now teach etiquette lessons for $50 cakes at Dairy Queen... what a JOKE!!!  No apology nothing... wow
This place was the highlight of our trip to Vegas. Our whole family had a blast from wall climbing, to laser maze, climbing poles, zip lining, and so much more! I personally overcame some of my fear of heights, at least for the night. Still can't believe I did half the things I did. lol I guess their motto is spot on, "if it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you." With prayer and faith, I took that leap. The memories we made here are priceless. So much fun!
Some of the best sushi I have personally ever had. Their salmon melts in your mouth. You won't regret coming here!
They boast a simple, but original menu. The salads are delicious and good sized. It's a pleasant atmosphere with friendly service. Was not disappointed.
best  place in vegas, delicious cakes I ever see, very professional end nice person, thanks Nara
Our interstate move with Atlantic Relocation Systems from our house in California to storage units in Arizona in April was paid by our employer relocation benefits program.  Atlantic Relocation Systems was quite skilled and it was smooth.  The items were securely packaged, packed, and handled with expert care.  The truck arrived to unload at the storage units as expected.  Similarly, the items were reloaded into storage units in a careful manner.  We later hired Atlantic Relocation Systems again for our local move from the storage units to our new house close by. We paid for this leg of our move, and the pricing seemed reasonable. That crew was careful with our items too.  It's been about six weeks, and we've unpacked mostly; and we see nothing missing and nothing broken.
It was everything I expected. Good food. Nice atmosphere. It didn't blow me away, but I can't say anything bad about it.
I'm not sure what all the rave reviews are all about?  We went on a Wednesday evening, it was fairly crowded compared to the New Orleans place across the way so we decided to stop in for some food. Service was pretty decent, place was really cute. Reminds me of a country irish pub, dark and cozy. It seems to be Norwegian themed but very few actual Norwegian dishes (which would have made it really interesting)  I had the fish and chips and my boyfriend got the wings. He said they were lukewarm and unappealing.  My fish was okay, at least not soggy. Both of us had fries which were not warm at all.  Definitely 5 star atmosphere and probably great during a game but not a restaurant by any stretch of the imagination.
I only go to this place if I'm hungry with no options. Even when I paid to get an upgraded sandwich with the promise of more meat, it was anything but. Two slices of turkey, hardly any avocado , and a heap of lettuce. No thanks. I'll just drive to Subway and get a $5 foot long.
Moved from Cali to Vegas and hadn't had a manicure done since then because I was afraid to be dissappointed with the service. I read some reviews and decided to give them a shot I got a gel manicure for $25!!! They cut my cuticles perfectly no bleeding or uneven cuts worked fast but paid attention to detail. Will become my new nail place. Highly recommend it to anyone that wants a good manicure for a fair price.
Ness motors has it's own showroom as well as there parts department and garage at the back of the building. They have a wide selection of used cars, as well as brand new cars available to be ordered and picked up.


 The showroom is spacious and very stylish and very clean and well kept. Reception is easily accessed as is the parts department. Very easy for wheelchair users to get inside as there is no steps and has an automatic door. Great for drivers\/customers who are wheelchair bound. The waiting area is comfortable and staff are very polite, and provide refreshments for customers waiting on the salesmen to finish with other customers.


 I am a Renault fanatic, but my husband wasn't, until our car broke down and we went to Ness motors, I'm happy to say he is now happily converted to a Renaultholic. The service which we receives was superb. The sales man we had was with us from the start to the end and beyond and still calls us regularly to check we are happy. He provided us with facts and details on which was the best car for us, what deal would suit us and even tailored things to suit our individual needs\/situation.


 Once we picked up our car we had to go back for a silly thing to be fixed, and the staff could not have been nicer, they were polite and very helpful. Needless to say we have now had 2 cars from there, and i'm itching to go back and get my new one very soon.
This should be the last Cirque du soleil show you should see. KA is of course the best. The problem with this show is that nobody actually sings. Yes a few small songs here and there. Mostly they dance to a reworked mix of MJ's song. So unlike ABBA the show and even the movie, where various people actually sang complete songs, this show bastardizes all of MJ's songs with horrible remixes which are blared through an overly loud, speaker systems.

It leaves you with a profound sense of dissatisfaction. It attempts to create a wow factor with a heavy doses of base which falls flat, creating more noise than effect. And what's with the blonde playing the guitar. Not sure she was even playing the guitar, maybe pretending to strut the stuff and quite badly at that I think. 

The stage setting is also very simple, especially compared to KA. I think they went on the cheap here to save costs. Not really an issue for me since the lighting effects were very good, but the dance choreography which showed flashes of brilliance about 10% of the time was generally far inferior to the other Cirque shows. Yes it will impress folks from the country who are not used to such shows, but those who have experienced high standards, this is not one of them.

This is a $50 show. I was utterly bored and this was and is a disservice to MJ. You are better off seeing "This Is It ": the movie. That was far more inspiring and enjoyable.
I have a really high arches and I have reached the age that they hurt all the time.  I went to this store and was waited on by a lady wearing a downtrodden, dilapidated pair of shoes!  (Note to store manager - you never get a 2nd chance to make a good impression.) I should have known then and there, this wasn't going to be good.  She had me step on a paper that made an "ink" impression and then went to the back room to find the insert that would work for my feet.  She came back with a set of 3 inserts: they each had a different function as I adjusted to wearing them in my shoes.  I was impressed - then NOT!  It was priced at nearly $1000!  Huh??? 6 pieces of molded plastic!  I walked out.  Coincidentally, I was in a shoe\/boot\/handbag repair shop in Henderson a bit later to have a purse repaired and they had a line of shoe inserts, for multiple foot problems, on display - Tacco; made in Germany.  They are made of plastic with a leather cover and come in a variety of styles and sizes for men and women.  Under $20!  I bought a 3\/4 length arch support in size 8 and VOILA - pain is gone!  I have ordered them online at Amazon and have several pairs that I switch out in my shoes using Velcro dots so they stay in place and I can take them in & out.  Saved myself $900 and they work.  German technology has always been great!
BOTTOM LINE: It's basically the Winners of sneaker stores.

(3.5 STARS)

If you're in a need of any regular sports footwear\/sneakers, I'd check here first because of their great prices. They also have a section of designer sneaks, but if you want the latest designs, you're better off hitting up Get Outside or Livestock. 

The space is huge and their vast selection is lined along their 3 walls, floor to ceiling, and now, even a second floor! Case in point, this was the only store in downtown that had stocked (Puma) motor racing shoes, and at over 50% off compared to their online store and their now defunct Puma store at Bloor and Avenue. But as with any outlet store, you may run into problems finding your size, but that's to be expected and not a knock against the store.
Too much time spent talking at the beginning, shortened versions of songs, poor ending.
Reviews appear good and will contact them in the near future.
They just left and I couldn't be happier with the work performed. I had a corroded drainage pipe under my kitchen sink which was spilling water everywhere.  In order to repair it, it had to be accessed by cutting through the outside wall. Of course there was an unexpected complication and a section of the back patio had to be removed as well. Rather than get annoyed they just kept right on working through it and even cut me a break on cost since going through the wall and going through the concrete patio were different procedures, but I was only charged for one. Additionally, they were flexible with payment options. 

I will do business with them again!
Perfect.  This is one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time.
We began with a Dortmunder an a Cosmo. They were great!  The cosmo was perfectly mixed; not too strong or weak.  
Then we ordered the crab cakes, which came with slaw; these were delicious, and the slaw was slightly spicy.  Served alongside crusty warm bread and butter, it was the perfect beginning.
We ordered the beef medallions oscar and the wild boar pasta....very delicious!  Very rich and flavorful.  We finished with the chocolate mousse-it was the best I have had since I worked at the Ritz.  You must try it.  
The service, food, quiet ambiance....all five stars.  I'll definitely be back!
Great place to eat and shop. The food was fresh, hot and filling. The best part about the visit was the authentic preparation and taste. I will be back and genuinely look forward to the next opportunity to venture out that way. The only knock on the place is there are no refills if you get anything other than water which is fine with me.
Great place! I just moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles. I was so nervous before going into the salon. I was walking up and Kelly opened the door for me and instantly made me feel comfortable. The whole staff was very friendly and fun! My appointment with Shantel went GREAT! She sat me down and we started talking about what I wanted to do with my hair. She knew exactly what I wanted and my hair came out great. I've been getting so many compliments on my new hair. While I was getting color Kelly came up and spoke with me and I mentioned to him that I was going to school for aesthetics started giving me advice and wanted to hook me up with some of his connections I was so excited and I cannot wait to go back!
below is my original review. have been back a couple of times since and it's just ok. in NYC you'd be over. makes me sad. over steamed artichoke and ammoniated skate. desserts a loser. why? in better news the roast chicken was very good and we also liked the escargot...

-----------------------------------------

loved it. really loved it. it's just right. we were a table of 4 and all the food was great. the ONLY thing that was a major creep out was the painting over the fireplace. it is SO AWFUL that i couldn't stop looking at it. really bizarre choice. but back to the food... it's french bistro food and again, really well done. the menu doesn't miss a thing. to be honest, it was about 2 months ago that we went but i am really wanting to go back and soon... realized it when we ate at le petit triangle the other day, just zero comparison. l'albatros kicked its ass.
Went there tonight. Food was good. My daughter and myself ordered a seafood basket and a small white cheese pizza we added bacon. They had lady night tonight. 5.00 wrist band. Then .50 drinks after that. Wanted to drink more but it was a bad day back home. We will come back .
Good gym club ! Large spaces to your workout. 
A lot of machines, 3 group fitness space, pool, sauna, squash, crossfit, running or walking...etc
I recommend this gym !!!
Cafe Olya is a take-out cafe in Cabbagetown that provides your basic coffee drinks. There are no syrups\/flavourings, no novelty drinks, and definitely no decaf coffee (sorry decaf fans!). They get their coffee beans from different roasters in Canada and the USA, which changes monthly.

The cafe is run by a nice couple that make their pastries in-house fresh everyday. Usually the baked goods run out by the end of the day. Cafe Olya is not meant to be a place for you to sit down and get your work done. I was there to get the information for this review and I was out pretty quickly.

This is a good spot for those who live in the neighbourhood and wants to pick up some fresh roasted coffee on the way to work or home. If you really love the coffee they are selling, they also deliver coffee beans right to your doorstep! Their coffee roaster is always changing so check out their website for which roaster they are selling for the month and details on the coffee delivery.
My doc sent me to get some blood work done at Labcorp and there are locations all over the valley which make it very easy and convenient to get in to somewhere that works with you. They also open at 7 which is very nice for the normal weekday worker. I highly suggest making an appointment and not just walking, with my appointment I only waited about 10 ten minutes which is pretty good for any kind of medical facility. Only complaint is the guy that actually took my blood was a little bit of a grumpy jerk. he should be nice to being going in, most people do NOT enjoy having their blood drawn.

Other than that an  a-ok experience.
Stayed 2 nights & 3 days @ The Wynn for a little get-a-way after staying @Mandalay Bay the past two times I have to say that The Wynn is my new fav.

For an additional $35 bucks I scored a kick ass Suite with a King bed soft as the day is long filled with real down pillows and comforter. It also included an amazing view of the strip and view of the waterfalls out front. 



Is it just me or has the traffic slowed down in Vegas? THe slots and blackjack tables were awfully tight and after dropping $100 I gave up. The room service was excellent and please do remember to leave them daily tips for their service which restores your room beautifully.  Aka: Don't be cheap. 

I booked this room a month ago on www.bookings.com and it came with a daily resort credit of $25. Best price and availability compared to booking directly with the hotel.  Just sayin...

Parking: Free self-parking or $18 per day and is prompt.  ZERO in-room coffee pots. That part drove me nuts but maybe it's a safety hazard? I don't know...

Stayed in a deluxe king suite and paid $1020 for two nights. Rates were higher due to the David Guetta's in house concert.  It was well worth it and is to date the most I've ever paid for a room. Money well spent. Ice machine and elevator located just 3 doors down the hall. 

Tip: Room service adds a non-negotiable 8% gratuity tip to your bill.  Poor form as I was going to tip. Yet the pasta primavera was delicious and served with fresh bread and whipped butter for $22. Love this quality hotel!
Our group of six friends thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here last Saturday. So glad we had reservations as Istanbul Sofra was very busy. The fried zucchini patties were a group favorite among the many appetizers sampled. The mixed eggplant in tomato sauce was so delicious with the Turkish pide bread. The grilled kofte was also a big hit as was the grilled fresh fish of the day. The favorite dessert was the scrumptious Revani. The portions were generous, it's BYOB & the service was attentive & friendly!  Can't wait to go again.
I was there before for they open the store because my greyhound bus arrived early...when they open the door, I immediately ordered the house ramen. To my surprise, it came warm instead of hot, little slices of meat with my noodle soup. And my soup was just too salty so I asked for a cup of tea..but it was a tea bag tea with charge. I was very disappointed in their service. The waitress was busy talking to the guy cook instead of coming to check on my table. I had to walk to her to remind her that I was ready to pay the bill!!  Ridiculous!
Bottom line, the food was tasteless and terrible. Mine went in the trash. We should have returned it all and gotten our money back but the weather was rainy and the traffic was heavy and my husband didn't want to drive back.

We got the combination platter dinners.  All the fish was overcooked and dry. It was all tasteless. The batter hard and taste. This slaw was way sweet. The hush puppies were tough doughy and tasteless. We'll never go there again. I wouldn't feed Captain's Galley's food to a dog.
this place is awesome. never too busy and always ultra nice. I live close and will come here whenever I can. you have to try the baklava, it's probably up there with the best in the valley. would recommend to anyone.
Cool\/chill atmosphere. Enjoyed the outside patio area. The line was long, but wasnt too bad. what do you expect? They are a newbie here :) you better go try it for yourself!

Try the brisket moist! And the cream corn! Yums!!! I also liked the jalapeño sausage and pulled pork. 

Will def be back to try more on the menu...
This drive through liquor store offers beer, wine, and liquor. They're open late and always give great service with a smile. Don't be put off by negative reviews! Being a metro liquor store, you KNOW what most of their clientele is like. The staff is consistently pleasant and helpful so be nice back. If you are looking for a standard, old school, friendly drive through liquor store, then this place fits the bill.
Staple in my life. Dinner is 5 stars all the way. They always have chef selections and tasting menu for $55 the pair. Cozy, sweet place.
We had a wonderful dinner with a beautiful table overlooking the Point.  The service was great and the prices were very reasonable.  We have told our friends how nice it is.  We will be back.  Thank you!
The same owners of Va Bene with a really large space!
Great ambiance, great service, and just quality food and drinks.
Pork belly lollipops and classic drinks are the way to my heart.
Donna rocks!
I was recently visiting Montreal and was told by a friend to check this place out. It has a cool atmosphere but incredibly rude staff. I was there around 9 pm when it was just starting to pick up and asked the bartender for a nigroni to drink and she asked me to order something else because that would take her too long to make. I was shocked by her response considering she gets paid to make drinks? 
Cool place to go once but id never go back considering it is an inconvenience to the staff for someone to order any drink other then a beer or a shot apparently.
We came here after a night of partying at Club XS.  The service was not good- we had a table of 6 and the waitress was the type that tries to memorize your order and not write it down.  Of course, 2 of the dishes came out wrong.

I had a terrible turkey reuben.  You know the food is bad when you're drunk and you still don't enjoy it.  

I know 24 hour cafes usually aren't very good, but we had a much better late-night grub at the Bellagio cafe the night before.
Strangely enough, moving to Pittsburgh does not automatically make you a Pittsburgh fan, it is something previously sought out or born in to. Since hockey was as foreign to me as cookie eating competition to a diabetic I found myself lacking when it came to any exposure to seeing the Pittsburgh Penguins play. 

I had heard all about the igloo realizing it seemed to be built on people memories more than the steel it was apparently constructed on but I had really never heard much about the Consol Energy Center other that the phrase "It's nice"

So when I went to see the Pens game last night I was in a bit of a loss when it came to an opinion. I was truly fresh for the picking. A ripe apple dripping in morning dew waiting to be plucked by the clutches of a first impression.

And then I was plucked.

The roar of over 18 thousand beer slurping fans cheered on as the Pens took the ice. A man a few rows back began a chant, screaming until his throat ran dry "lets go Pens, lets go Pens". Before I knew it, 18 thousand other fans seemed to be carving into my eardrums shouting the same thing. It wasn't before long that I realized this was more than an audience, this was a family, a family that lived and died on every shot on goal.  

The beer was icy cold which was only encouraged to stay that way from the frosty chill that swept through the air. I myself loved the chills the cold breezes brought which pulled me into an idea of being outside among the ice and snow, to the place where hockey was meant to be played. 

The food and drinks will cost you a kidney but as was to be expected at the Consol Energy Center. I kept telling myself that everything was laced with the world's first edible gold which seemed to put my mind at ease.

The Pens went on to win that game in a shootout which thrilled me to see since it was my first dip in that pool. Parking was fair and the foot traffic was expected, I can honestly say it was genuinely a great time. 

So as I currently reminisce about my experience, I am confronted with the phrase "It's nice". Consol Energy Center was more than nice, more than a sporting event. Like the igloo before it, it's a place that is built on memories one game at a time.
Spent 3 nights in Montreal,  the hotel is centrally located to downtown and conveniently located to two metro stations.  Old Montreal is just a few stops away.   Hotel is beautiful,  rooms are decorated with a 70's feel! Beds are very comfortable, water pressure could be improved (feels like a trickle).   WiFi is free if you join their loyalty program (which is also free). Parking is a little pricey at $26 a day but that includes in and out as often as you want. The concierge is very informative. Check in was fast and easy!
I will never go back in there. The cashier was rude couldn't say hello and be courteous  
a total bitch . 10.00 for a salad really ripp off place. No communication between cashier and customer poor customer service.
Miguel is one of the recruiters there and he is  professional and courteous. He provides follow up when he says he will and keeps me updated during the process.
Deserves zero-stars if i go by our take-out meal last night. MUST BE NEW OWNERS because  the cook used to be a 5-star food-diva! Last night we actually threw our meal away! My husband's order of Hot n Sour soup had celery in it, was watery, and inedible! My Sesame Chicken was dry, over-cooked and soggy rather than crispy, tender and moist.  We both kissed our money goodbye, along with the Jacky Chan shameful excuse for food as it went into the garbage!  Oh Crystal (previous owner) Why didn't you warn us?  I had a stomach ache for hours from the three bites of Sesame Chicken i choked down.  Bad Sesame Chicken, and bad Hot n Sour Soup can be had here. We will not be back!
No one really needs me to re-tell them how awesome I think the Cleveland Museum of Art is--but after seeing the renovations, I was completely blown away.

If you haven't seen it yet, plan yourself a solo, duo or group trip to visit and re-experience the Cleveland Museum of Art. And why not grab a bite to eat? Not only does the cafe rock, but Provenance was beyond delicious--now you can have a full day at the museum!

Go there. Now. It's free, so no excuses!
We came upon this place unexpectedly. The food is delicious and authentic. The service is great and the owner comes out and greets you. I can't wait to come back and try the other items on their menu. The price is also very reasonable and they have great lunch specials.
Review for breakfast only: MOzen Bistro is a good, classy little spot for breakfast or brunch, especially if you're staying at the Mandarin Oriental. It's located on the 3rd floor of the hotel and the venue is airy and chic. The egg jar with toasts is surprisingly satisfying and the vase of fruit parfait, at $15, is pretty tasty. It's probably not worth journeying across the Strip to come here but if you're nearby, go for it! Prices are $$$ but that's Vegas for ya. This isn't a low-end breakfast buffet. You get what you pay for...
Please avoid the shady hot dog foodtruck called Chaud Dogs if you are at the Olympic stadium today. Yesterday, I ended up spending an hour and a half in line only for this truck to run out of everything on the menu; eventually trying to sell a plain hotdog for a dollar less from the proposed eight dollars. I was even more frustrated to find out that they had all the basic ingredients, but were conserving for the next day. (As if it was going to be too difficult to buy more mustard, bacon, and onions in the morning.)The price was eventually negotiated to six dollars with a little cheese, but it took so long to get the hot dog. You could see the fry cook yelling at the server in a degrading manner that left a bad taste in everyone's mouth. After an additional 20 minute wait for the hotdog itself, I was disappointed to find that the hotdog barely had that grilled texture. It tasted like it was soaked all day then thrown for barely a minute on the grill, yet I had to endure the extra 15 minutes of cringeworthy banter, a crying server, a shabby owner, and a ridiculous line-up to get a hot dog that did not even have the basic ingredients i.e. mustard, relish, or sourkraut. The worse part is that they were not apologetic and treated customers like swine once they took our money. The only good thing about the hotdog was the buttery bun, but it was not worth the crying and commotion that came with the experience. Treat this truck like the common cold; save your money and avoid it as much as possible!
Took my Infiniti there when my AC went out. The dealership wanted $2300 for a new condenser and new radiator hoses. These guys charged $1200 and merely cleaned out the radiator hoses. Saved some money and got it done in half a day. Happy with the results.
This small bar I have been to in the past or when my main bar of choice is having a dart league. It's a small 2 section bar. The main section is the large bar it's self and the second section to the right is the couple of pool tables and dartboards. There are a few tvs throughout the place.

The place is not bad going to, but beware there is usually only 1 bartender and in order to get a drink you will have to go up to the bar.

This place is exactly like Marino's set up at 67th and Peoria. I believe that they both have the same owners. The dartboards have more challenges at Marino's however.
Food was excellent and staff was superb. Premium margarita is a must try. Guac sampler, fish Mahi taco, and cochinita pibil taco were also very good. Great ambience and music.
Horrible service. I waited in line at the airport waiting for the shuttle to arrive for over 30minutes. And the motivated lady at the desk just kept saying 5-10 minutes. Bull!! Then the driver was lazy and slow. This is ridiculously slow poor service at a very busy airport. Get more shuttles so paying customers aren't waiting forever. I could've walked to my hotel by the time I was picked up and dropped off!!! If I could've given no stars I would have
My boss has a catgenie which has been the bane of my existence.  Of course it broke & we needed the new one installed asap.  The woman in the office was friendly & making an aplointment was quick & easy (I was able to have an appointment within less than 24 hours of calling).  Tyler was able to install the new one quickly & he even  brought the old one (which was disgusting) to the trash for me.  He was super friendly & professional & the cat is happy to have her litter box back.  I've found our go to plumber!  Thanks again!!!
Unbelievably good. Worth the trip.
First time taking my son there, and let me tell you how wonderful it was. Really professional and clean, my son was super excited to go to the dentist and bringing him here just made him love going to the dentist more. I was truly satisfied with my first visit here for my son, next visit will be for me
Everytime I visit a chick-fil-a, I am usually creeped out by how OVERLY friendly everyone is. Maybe I came in after a rough day for the team here, because the cashier that helped me seemed kind of .. flat? There was no "WELCOME TO CHICK-FILA" no "MY PLEASURE" today, it was a simple take my order and no smiles. I came back to ask a question after getting my food and it took me a while to get the cashiers attention. Nevertheless, I love my sweet tea mixed lemonadge and nuggets.

oh well, guess back to the drive thru i go.
It's fun to venture here on a Saturday afternoon or a weekday when you played hookie from work :x There are very interesting stores and restaurants to be found here. I'd name then, but there are so many I cannot remember the names of all of the little stores that i love. I'll update sometime.
A Taco Bell is a Taco Bell is a Taco Bell. Or is it?  This location is a favorite. It's close by. They are consistent. They are quick. I love me anything volcano. I wish they had the pizza hut with it.
Let me just start this by saying, DON'T BUY INTO THE HYPE.

First off, their gyoza tastes like just a chinese dumpling. DON'T GET IT, WASN'T WORTH IT. Got a bowl of tonkotsu and tonkotsu black which both were kind of disappointing. THE BLACK GARLIC OIL TASTES LIKE IF I COOKED A STEAK AND POURED THE LEFT OVER OIL INTO MY RAMEN. The pork was firm yet chewy but the egg was cooked perfectly. On top of it all, it was super salty and the portions are smaller in comparison to most ramen places. 

The service is nice and they're quick but the actual waiting time is 30 mins or so. 

I would have rather gone to ajisen ramen.
Fantastic pizza and a haven for those who are whiskey connoisseurs. Extremely great service and awesome decor of a speak easy feel
Just like John Mull's Meats and Road Kill Grill #1, this location is beaming with hospitality and customer care. Although this location is a little hidden from the main road, this restaurant serves delicious bbq-style platters for a very reasonable price! Once again, their customer service is above and beyond your typical restaurant experience!
First off...can we maybe turn the AC on?  Always low on steak.  Always.  What I enjoy most is when I am next in line and they start working on the online orders.  Maybe we should have a separate person do that so the line doesn't wrap around the store.  

Poor customer service.  Poor management.  This may be the worst chipotle in the valley.  Grats on that.  I won't be eating here again.  I will drive to the one in Westgate.  Much better.
Always a mix up on drive thru orders but it is an old faithful when it comes to the food line up.
Website and a phone call to the store confirms $95 is the diagnostic fee.  When I retrieved the computer the fee was $150 - no new parts, no additional work other than the $95 diagnostic.  The employee advised that the $150 is what they always charge.  When asked if he has ever seen a computer leave for the $95 he responded with "a few."  I am not part of the BBB, but I think this is the marketing textbook definition of bait and switch.

Computer was "fixed" for $150 which consisted of doing not much more than using the native Disk Utility app.  Email me and I'll show you how to use Disk Utility for free.  

Best part?  I had to take the machine back for the "same" repair within a few days.  Now they determine the graphics card is bad and can be fixed for $600.  (Apple store charges $495 for this service).  Ok, I ask about getting a new iMac and would they give me trade in credit for my computer.  Yes he says.  The iMac in question is a 2011 27" iMac 3.X ghz - I added a 250gb SSD and 16 GB of ram.  They offered $250.  Apple will recycle my computer and give me $550!  AND I get to keep the SSD and the RAM.

All in, I feel that these guys are operating hoping that people will think this is a less expensive choice for repair (versus Apple).  I found their integrity to be iffy at best, pricing to be iffier, and quality to be a zero.  Just go direct to the Apple store and save your time.
After seeing this place on the winterlicious list, I thought I give this place a try seeing that there isnt much cajun places in toronto. Me and my gal came here on a saturday night easter long weekend and upon entering this place, it was pretty big but it was EMPTY, not even a fly flew by. It was dead in there on a saturday night and that should have raised red flags and sirens that i should leave this place IMMEDIATELY!!!
but we were already here, hungry as hell and paid for parking...we ordered the alligator balls which basically looked like boneless chicken wings that tasted like chewy chicken, crab cakes that tasted and looked like president choices frozen crap cakes and the seafood platter that came with burnt bacon scallop, lobster tail, mystery fish and a whole load of shabby veggies. Oh yea by the way DO NOT ORDER THE HOUSE SPECIAL COCKTAIL DRINK. It taste like a casears mix that gone wrong as being toooooooooooo sour. The waitress was kind enough to exchange my drink for a different one. Overall this place sucks assssssss. The ambience is dark and the tables and chairs look like theyve been there since the dinosaur age. I gave this place a 2 star because the service was pretty good. Go find yourself another place unless you want to pay for high priced frozen shit which you can get at loblaws!!!!
We received a ride over the strip at night as a wedding gift. Such a fun experience. It was our first time in a helicopter and I wasn't disappointed!  The lights were beautiful and the pilot was knowledgeable pointing out the landmarks.  
Smooth fun ride, I recommend the night time tour.
Is it a "bar man's" bar?  Not necessarily. But how can someone not be impressed w\/ over 200 different types of beer?  

Oh & whatever beer you get, it is served in the corresponding glass.  Chimay?  Chimay glass.  Lagunitas?  Lagunitas mason jar.  Get the point?

Was only here to drink, so I can't comment on the food.  But with a seemingly endless selection, not to mention comicallyarge bottles of Stone Vertical Epic , how can it not be aces?

Tons of taps & bottles to choose from as well as bottles you can purchase to take home.  What bar does that?

Now if only we can do so somethin about that hipster vibe....
I'm kicking myself a little for taking so long to find Frances!  The namesake, Frances is the owners grandmother which I think it an adorable little fact.

Many reviewers have commented on the regularly high prices at Frances- I walked out a happy woman with many deals.  I purchased one silver peace necklace, a pair of Free People jeans, a locally made skirt, and a listography book for under sixty dollars.  I was lucky and must have came at the right time, but that just means that there is a right time- which is often the case with awesomeness.

I enjoyed the variety and uniqueness of items available, as well as the shop owner who was kind and helpful.  Frances is an awesome local business that I can proudly support.  

Located right across the street from the Camelback\/Central Ave. light rail stop!
Ordered their El Mexicano Hot Dog, it got all kinds of goodies on it, plus it's bacon wrapped!! Their sauce tasted super good, I m a fan after my first bite!! Definitely will be back!!
First experience at Babystacks.  We came here to satisfy a craving for pancakes -- my GF thought IHOP would be good but i didnt want corp branded pancakes.

First, our server Efrain, was very pleasant, courteous, friendly and hospitable.  (Thanks Efrain!!)

Next, the menu creativity absolutely is true to the food taste.  Besides the "menu of pancakes," the concept of a "Benedict menu" is awesome.  We decided to order the Kalua Pork Benedict plus pancakes.  She ordered the Banana Foster and I had the Carrot Cakes with cream cheese syrup.  Everything was amazing, especially the Kalua Pork Benedict.

Although we came after 10am on Saturday and waited approx 15 minutes to be seated, it was totally worth the wait.  We will certainly return again -- and maybe for lunch as the Kalua Pork Grilled Cheese Sandwich sounds too good and like it would be heaven in your mouth.....
So I have had 3 experiences at this location now.  All three of them have been excellent.  The front desk is cordial and efficient.  The therapists are passionate about what they do....and the owners seem to really take pride in offering something special to the community.  But today I was extra impressed by the way Minnie, my lash artist, handled a potentially difficult situation. 

One week after receiving a full set of eyelash extensions, I realized I only had a few dozen extensions remaining.  I thought I'd followed all the "rules" of eyelash extensions...so needless to say I was disappointed and was my time and money was wasted.  I called the salon and was asked to text pictures of my eyes and come back in to meet with Minnie to discuss. I love that we worked together to resolve what happened. I'm glad we both learned from this experience. And my lashes look amazing again!  Thanks Minnie and thanks Nailed and Lashed!!
Der Espresso und auch der Capuccino sind sensationell, auch die Cornettos (Hörnchen) dazu schmecken frisch u. luftig. Leider wurde uns zu viert nur 1 Löffel serviert (und auch auf Bitten einfach vergessen), und die Wartezeit war auch relativ lang. Die Bedienung war freundlich, aber wohl etwas überfordert. Sehr zu empfehlen, wenn man es nicht allzu eilig hat.
Thirdside is a local graphic design company here in Champaign run by an awesome crew. My husband and I were given a recommendation by another local business owner to go talk to him when we decided to start up our own small business in town. The owner, Jason, took the time to discuss our concept and what we wanted before he went back to his team. At the time we needed a logo and a website. The folks that work for him were very nice, incredibly good at communicating with us, and ended up presenting us with three separate and very different concepts for a logo. After we had chosen our favorite, Jason and his team built upon the logo to make us a really sweet website. The site has gotten nothing but compliments since we opened and our logo is very unique and distinguishable. Since then we have also gone back and gotten business cards from Thirdside to complement our theme. While we are still growing our customer base, we are becoming better known throughout the area in large part due to the designs they came up with. In short, we would not be where we are without the help and support of this wonderful graphic design company. So thank you to Jason, Lisa, and your hard working staff!
For a place that's literally named "soup" this was probably the worst clam chowder I have ever tried.  Watery thin and so overly salty it was barely edible. Clam was rubbery, low quality & low quantity. Cuban sandwich was a pathetic excuse, for the price the portion of pork was a rip off. $27 for lunch for 2 was robbery considering the portions & questionable quality especially in a cafeteria style environment where you are expected to carry a tray and then bus your own table. One trash can in the middle of the restaurant, sorry, not snaking my way half way across a restaurant, through a maze of tables with a tray full if trash for a $14 soup and salad.
Honestly we ate here last weekend because we were staying at Excalibur and it was the least busy restaurant. I kind of like the whole rocker vibe to it, but there is nothing noteworthy about the place. The novelty of the name\/band affiliation does not make a restaurant.  The food was typical bbq that I could get anywhere, served cafeteria style..yawn. and as for the prices, give me a break! Even for Vegas it was overpriced and underwhelming. I had 1\/2 a chicken, 2 sides and my partner had a pork chop and 2 sides which came to over $40!! I know its on the Strip but its not like this is a fancy restaurant.. 

As for seeing any actual members of the band, not sure if they actually stop by but I did see Vinnie Paul the drummer for Pantera there.  That is about as rock n' roll as it gets.
Tried to buy a wedding gift. 2 people at the register, which by the way is unusual to find a soul, clueless. They had no idea what was in the store. They also have quit wrapping gifts. TJ Maxx here I come. Why bother with parking and high prices when you get no service???
These brothers own the ONLY mobile flatbread pizza truck in Phoenix. They do pizza right boasting local ingredients and creative menus to tempt the tastebuds of everyone around. Think local pork belly bacon from The Meat Shop, Saffron JAK house turkey sausage, local cheese and uncured pepperoni from California-based company Zoe's Meats. 

Some of my favorite menu items are the Mexican squash, black bean, potato, feta and cheddar cheese with tapatio and the Basil, mozzrella and beef steak tomato. Then of course there is the jalapeno, bacon, pineapple chutney or perhaps the pear, gorgonzola, prosciutto, apricot jam and mozzarella.... Are you getting the picture, there are too many great options to love just one. 

You can find these guys slinging their deliciousness all over Phoenix, in the morning at  3rd ave and Osborn and some evenings at Kobalt Bar at Park Central Mall. 

If your mouth isn't watering wait until you get 20 feet from their truck.. The smells alone will get you running. 

I can't wait to see what these guys come up with next.
The cheese selection is very large and reasonably priced for the kinds of cheese available. That is not to say that duck and decanter is cheap. I prefer the staff at the north central location over this location. Duck and Decanter almost has a monopoly on unique cheeses, coffees, teas, etcs. The only other real option is AJ's and the prices there are exorbitant.
We purchased an LG fridge from BM east location and it completely died 3 weeks later. We lost an entire refrigerator of food. The technician told us this fridge would always burn out in our location bc it only vents in back. The salesman acted unaware of this, but did have a loaner delivered after 2 days of no fridge. We then purchased a Maytag from them. Two attempts at delivery of this showed that both units were rusted. When I returned to the store to choose a third brand, the saleswoman, Mickey, was the most rude individual I have encountered in service. She was abrasive and short while finding out if the unit we chose was in stock. She said the last unit dying and the rust were not her problem, that it was the manufacturer. She tried to bully me into buying the third fridge and yelled at my father and I when we stated we would consider another store first. So much for trying to support a local company. Stand by your product brothers main.
Cookies are decent (not amazing) but the price is just ridiculous! $6 for a small cookie and tiny scoop of ice cream?! I think you are paying for the convenience and the fact that this place delivers until 3am. So for warm cookies for someone with the munchies late at night, I totally get it. But there are WAY better dessert options in the Charlotte area! I just don't think I would waste my money here again.
Best Thai food I've had.  I've had  few small restaurants in Henderson and East Vegas that were sub par.  Was introduced to Archi's by some friends and come back to eat every time I visit Vegas.  They marry the perfect spiciness to sweet in their Pad Thai.  Not overly greasy, very fresh and authentic along with good service.  

I used to work up the street so came for lunches about once a week.  Had a nostalgic food moment, so I had to write about it.  

Chicken Pad Thai (get it SPICY!!) - Winner.  Good Thai Ice Tea as well.  

Reasonably priced.  I believe they have a fullbar, so you can get your drink on if you'd like.
Just go here for their desserts. So many times, including tonight, have I eaten here and found my fries and chicken to be lukewarm to cold. They also have half their sodas out of order every time.
I have a handyman service. One of my customers has your service. Your tech scared the crap out of her!!!!! He told her that scorpions could drop on her from the bathroom exhaust fans!!!! While this could happen if you did an proper job around her house the scorpion will not get there!!!! The tech told her to put screen in those vents. I told her that it will restrict the air flow after a while from the dust. THAT WILL CAUSE THE FAN TO OVER HEAT!!!!! So much for warranty. Bathroom fans have built in flaps to stop this from happening. He also told her to block the weep holes on her windows!!!! When the rain water backs up and into the walls the termites will love it. Job security.
Been here twice and enjoyed it both times. Beware non pork lovers - there is a lot on the menu, or at least part of many dishes. The Burrata appetizer was delicious, I had the short ribs - they were the best I've ever had!
This wasn't what I had in mind when I was craving Thai food, but I was pleasantly surprised. The food is a bit higher priced but very worth it. We loved the flavors and creative food. I would definitely go back.
My husband and I have been using HR Block to do our taxes for the past 4 years. This is our first year using this specific location and I have mixed feelings. Since this was our first time using this location, I looked them up online and booked my appointment. I was able to get in the same day, which was convenient for me. A woman called to confirm my appointment and I was all set. 

When I arrived for my appointment, I was told my Tax Specialist (let's call her Jane) was just finishing up with another client. About 15 minutes go by and Jane is still "just finishing up". My husband arrives and we sit waiting, well past our appointment time. Finally, we are called back. Jane was very nice and extremely knowledgeable. She was definitely a talker, but she helped explain certain things and made sure we didn't miss anything. As we were nearing the one hour mark, Jane's manager stops by to check and see how soon Jane would be done. We were nearing the end, so Jane said a few more minutes. About 10 minutes pass and the manager walks by, not very discreetly, to check on Jane. Finally, Jane is printing our documents and gets up to go to the printer. Said manager walks back to printer to discuss how Jane is tardy for her next appointment. I'm sorry, but we had to wait 15-20 minutes past our original appointment time. We should be given the full hour of our appointment without interruption from some manager trying to hurry up the process. Said manager should have explained the situation to the next client or schedule appointments better. 

I can't help but feel this manager was extremely rude to not only Jane but to us, the clients. She rushed Jane, who could have made a final mistake due to being rushed. We wound up purchasing the "extra" insurance because we felt like the harassment from the manager could have tripped up Jane in doing our taxes and we didn't want to be liable for any mistakes. 

As we were rushed out of Jane's cubicle\/office, the manager tried to make small talk with me but not once did she apologize or try to explain why it was so important we stick to strict schedule. As I was paying our fees, a client (or friend?) of a different Tax Specialist showed up and tried to go see him\/her. The manager snapped at that client and then murmured to me something about the audacity of people. I was just staring at her in disbelieve. 

In general, H&R Block (as a company) has been a good choice in the past. This experience at this specific location has made me question using them going forward. I do have a whole year to think about it (since I only use H&R Block once a year!) but I probably won't be back.
The place has great food I love the staff in the afternoon, but the young staff at night are very rude and almost racist if you're not Hispanic.  I have been going since a kid but since this new young staff has been there it's been terrible. I would NOT RECOMMEND their business.
I think it's one of the best restaurants in the town. Class and elegance are synonyms of this place. The view is spectacular! Plus, they still have a live entertainment on the weekends. 
I cannot say that menu is too creative or thrilling, but also, I can't complain about the quality. Last time, I had swordfish and it was delicious. Plus, you can ask for substitute or to modify your order. The waiters are professional and attentive. 
Take your date here- it's very romantic ;)
I am absolutely upset with this location! I called the restaurant around 8PM  on a Friday night & was told they do not deliver!! I then ordered from GrubHub Online & was told the Pizza would be here approximately 45 minutes later- less than 4 miles away. At 8:46 I got a call from GrubHub customer service saying the restaurant wasn't taking anymore orders so they had canceled my order!! They said my money will be refunded in 3-5 business days!! I will NEVER eat at this restaurant & I will probably not use GrubHub because they should not charge my card before the restaurant confirms the order!
Came here for St. Patrick's today because well fat chance I was getting into any of the bigger clubs. 

It was fine. Nice vibe, lots of dancing, lots of drinking. DJ could have played less top 40, could actually let a song go most of the way through, etc. 

Kudos to the 10\/10 hottie for coming in with a belly-revealing t-shirt to dance by the way. I am sure I have no chance with you. But hey, at least I'm not the other brosephs who just started to grind on you without asking! ;)
This place was alright, but really nothing amazing. The food is average, but what really set it apart for me was the supreme lack of service. There are servers and workers buzzing around, but it took me so long to try and flag one of them down for a glass of water! And then another 10 minutes go by before I can make eye contact with someone to take my order and they're like "let me find your server". Ugh.

What really got me was that it wasn't even exceptionally busy. 

I had the reuben (I asked for an extra side of sauerkraut), and was charged $17!! A glass of water, a sandwich, and an extra plate of kraut for $17??? The sandwich was like $12 so how is a plate of kraut $5?? Or at least tell me how much it'll cost me so I can make a decision not to get it, then at least I'll know what I'm getting into.
Its McDonald's! What do you expect? Workers that believe they deserve $15.00 per hour. But will get your order wrong most of the times. 
When you decide to eat at McDonald's, you know what you're getting. Nothing special, not healthy, but it's not intended to be. Service here is not to bad. We only come here for their ice cream. Kids love it. Had to ask for napkins, other than that it was OK.
It doesn't get more authentic than this place. I got the full experience with an Italian server who had a love for food and wine, and a passion for customer experiences. The food was exceptional, high-quality and immaculately prepared. 

If you're looking for a trendy\/casual\/hip spot, this is not the place. The tables are dressed in white tablecloths, the waiters are in suits, and it's typically pretty quiet in here. It's also not cheap. For a group of 5, I paid just over $600 (two bottles of wine, an abundance of food, and a generous tip included). 

Overall, I highly recommend this place for quality, authentic food and drinks. This is my go-to if i'm entertaining my (very picky and particular) parents, who don't love the noise of the city and the modern elements of my otherwise favourite restaurants.
This place rocks. We had dinner here (I know brunch doesn't sound like a good evening spot but it is) starting off with their craft cocktail manhattan which was extremely tasty, followed by their meatloaf dinner which was very good. 
The menu has something for everyone and the prices are very reasonable. We had such a great experience that we came back the next day for breakfast and that didn't disappoint. The savory french toast was very good (enjoy it with a bloody mary either spicey or regular). The pork carnitas with eggs (done any way you want) was also very good.
I love this place - enchiladas, soup and salads. The best filling is cornbread - even if you aren't a vegetarian it is worth it.
Delicious breakfast here and away from the chaos of the strip.  Great service and nice clean diner with good prices.
My husband and I have been going here since we moved to Chandler.  We love our stylists and have received a lot of compliments on our hair.  All of the staff are warm, friendly, and very talented.
We come here pretty often and love love love the food, especially of course the hummus nachos. Amazing. Bring your out of town guests and wow them. I've had a couple mixed drinks here and liked their uniquness. The patio is so cozy at night. I prefer sitting outside here because of the atmosphere. The kabobs have a very well rounded spice and everything is incredibly fresh. The brie hive sandwich made my visiting guest deleruosuly happy. There are also many healthy options, which I truly appreciate. More recently we got to talk to David the manager who was entertaining, genuine and friendly. This is one of the places where I can take family or friends and know everyone will find something they are excited to try.
The won ton soup the hot and sour soup was the best I've ever had. Even better then Chicago. I tried something new the special beef  delicious will order again but the great server said to order it less sweet. Two thumbs up you have to go and they also have traditional...
Been here several times, every time the service has been terrible. 
 My last visit here, the guy working didn't acknowledge us when we walked in, acted rude, and made it seem like we were a burden for being there. I asked to try two flavors and ended up ordering the taro after I tried it. I wanted to try another flavor, but I didn't want to ruin this guy's night any more than I already had by asking to try a third. 
My friend also pointed out to me that there had been a fly in the mango sorbet while we were there and the guy had simply scooped it out.
Other reviewers have said the ice cream was icy, but that hasn't been my experience. I enjoyed it enough to give it several tries, but it isn't worth the consistently awful service I've received here. 
The ice cream itself deserves 4 stars. They have good flavors that are fun, and it has a good consistency to it. 
However, even the best ice cream would be ruined by a dirty shop with flies and bad service.
Tried this little restaurant while on a day trip to Chagrin Falls.  Mushroom appetizer was pretty good, but the sushi was not at all appetizing.  It was mushy, and the crab was very fishy tasting, similar to canned.  We could not finish it.  Fortunately our waiter was very apologetic and did not charge us for it.  I Would not go again.
The sushi is so fresh and the staff is very professional and attentive. They are very helpful when it comes to making suggestions. 

The rolls are great and the sushi is fresh. 

The ambiance is great. It's dimly lit, including in the bathroom, which is a little off. 

It's in the Palazzo hotel so once you are finished eating, you have the option to walk around and shop or just look around.
I swear everything I've eaten from here tastes delish!! I especially love.. Love their orange juice!
I have been to Joes Farm Grill several times and its always good! They have good burgers and its a fun environment. Great place for families.
Best ever! I've been with this team for almost 15 years! I see him when I had skin emergencies in the past and he fixed them I immediately . The front desk girls and guy have always been personable and very kind to me. 

I'm on Obagi Nu Derm and this is my 3rd cycle. I love the results. I do other spa treatments there and Sherri is THE best! I only trust her and Dr A with my skin in Vegas. Thank You for being there for me through all the times and changes. 

I love the new Sahara location as well, it has an upscale spa feel to it and it's right next to Nothing Bundt Cakes.:)

They do have monthly specials on products and services so please do inquire. They also can recommend great products to use at home on your own as to regimens as well.
I must not know Mexican because I love love love this place!!! 

We've tried everything on the menu and it.  Is. DIVINE.
This was my second trip to the Canyon and with Awesome Anthony as our guide, it was even better than the first. Anthony, a lifelong resident of Las Vegas was entertaining and informative on the two hour trip, and kept a positive attitude despite the failure of a couple of the others in the group to arrive back to the bus at the specified time. He welcomed questions and happily answered them, including mine about good local restaurants (and he was right about all of them).

Unlike the other company, Sweetours offered unlimited cold water and a bagged breakfast - it was simple but perfectly fine.
Best sub\/hoagie shop in the East Valley by far! Love that this is a locally owned business and that they use high quality products unlike most other places. Beer on tap is an added bonus as is the daily special on the 8" Italian. Plenty of options, great service, exceptional subs!
This is an unusual variation on the Doubletree Hotel.  Not the usual layout and amenities, but I liked it never the less.  I was there on business, and could not get into my usual places.  

The Au Bon Pain is great.  They have all meals there, and excellent service.  

What I really liked was the wireless connectivity in the lounge, and conference rooms on the side of a long lobby.  (nice touch)

Too this is off of Warm Springs Road south of the airport, so easy freeway access to everywhere.
So I actually heard about this show watching Ride, with Norman Reedus on AMC. (For anyone that doesn't know, he is the actor that portrays Daryl Dixon on The Walking Dead...a zomie show). I thought it looked pretty cool.  So fast forward a month or so and my man gets sent to Vegas on a work trip...who gets to tag along...pick me pick me.  I told him right away, I wanted to see this show.  
So, I get tickets to the show and a dinner package (dinner was horrible, at a different venue...ugh) through LasVegas.com.  I should have just bought the tickets directly from the theatre and will in the future. Advice, just buy your tickets directly from The V Theatre! Anyhew...the show is in a mall\/casino type place and is surrounded by stores and restaurants and a casino or two.  (Funny, by the pics I saw I thought it was an outside entrance, but it was just some clouds painted on the ceiling. hahaha.  I know, I am a dork, whatever).  We went up to the counter, got the tickets very quickly and finished our afternoon.  Time to go to the show...we were ushered to an upstairs bar\/lounge to wait for seating.  Nice little place to sit and wait, beats standing in line any day!  Got a couple of drinks, very friendly (and easy on the eyes) male bartender.   Then we were seated.  Cute smaller venue, somewhat set up like a movie theatre.  I liked it right away.  Our seats were actually front row, so we could see everything.  Show starts.  Love...love...love, absolutely freaked out that we have a real live band performing the music.  That is awesome...and a rarity anymore...so kudos to the producer.  The MC was very funny.  One liners and jokes had me laughing my chunky butt off the entire time.   It was hilarious.  More of a comedy than burlesque in my opinion, but that is me. I mean, they get darn near naked...so expect that, but more funny naked. 
Mikey...I wanted to take him home with me. "yyyyhhheeessssss"....ahahahah   Too cute.  The dancers were very good.  Obviously trained in more than a few styles.  Unlike Brittany around the corner, the ladies and gentleman actually sang their own songs and did a wonderful job of doing so.  The costumes were cute and the sets, though small scale and not elaborate told the story and were fun to look at. 
There was a couples game show based on the Newlywed Game.  Adorable.  Audience participation is always a blast.  
Servers came around and got drink orders if you would like drinks.  There were free jello shots sent out. Always fun.  The MC really did a great job of keeping everyone entertained not only with his own performances but while the different scenes were setting up.  Great job. 
My very very vanilla boyfriend even liked it.  I mean soft serve boy here.  That is a good sign.
It was a quirky, silly, sexy, funny show with great talent.  Totally worth going to see.  For a good laugh and good show, go check it out.  If I went back to Vegas while it is still running, I would totally see again.   Loved it.  Go see and you will not be disappointed.
Stellar!! From the life care to the senior care to the day my heart shattered- best people, advice, and treatments for whatever came our way. Sometimes we waited because something was more urgent, sometimes we got right in because we had something urgent. So much compassion and care yielded so much trust. Go here, your pet will thank you and you will thank Alta Vista.
John was really nice about my off the menu request for just brisket and cheese - no bun!
Good gyros..more authentic then gyrotime by far... try the gyro fries. friendly staff..should be open on sundays though!
Just went here today. Susan is the best! Ive been to lots of threading places to fix my brows but they all end up cleaning it off. But Susan is the only one who fixed it so far! It only took me like 5 minutes there on the chair and my brows are clean. She also fills in my brows after since i have really light hair there.  She is really nice and gentle. I will recommend this place to everyone.
Kudos to bringing the tapas experience to Markham, but maybe I have high standards when it comes to it since have had it on numerous occasions in Spain, ...I can only give it 2.5 stars.  Over priced, average food, not inspired or feel it was tastefully memorable to go back.  It you want a non-Asian dining experience in Markham, I guess this could be an option - a one timer for us though.  Great service, very friendly and helpful.
Sooo many different flavors of yogurt & all kinds of toppings (fruit, candy, sprinkles). There's even a section to buy chocolate covered pretzels & the such.

What sets this apart is the seating and atmosphere. Not just cafe tables, but comfy couches too. Very lounge-y.

I only gave this place 3 stars because the yogurt itself wasn't all that impressive. I had a 50\/50 mix of peanut butter and praline pecan. The peanut butter was forgettable, and I've had some amazing PB yogurt before! The praline pecan was icky - very artificial tasting.

So all in all, I'd try it again and maybe get a traditional fruit flavor that's hard to mess up, but only if already nearby - I wont go out of my way to come here again.
This store is within walking distance of my home and sometimes I go in to browse and at other times with a specific piece of furniture in mind to buy, but always leave empty handed. They feature that stark Scandinavian style furniture that some consider stylish, but tends to feel cold and unwelcoming to me. The prices here are absurd. I went in a few month's ago to find a big man's recliner for my husband and the only one they had that would work was 3 times the cost we ended up paying at Pruitts. 
The parking is easy and the employees are helpful if you can track one down and ask a question, but will ignore you otherwise. That is OK if I am just browsing, but a pain if I really want to buy something.
Cozy setting, barista is superb and friendly!

The coffee is on the weak side though.  But all in all, cute little cafe.
What a great place to have your car properly repaired after a collision.  Tim, the manager, is awesome.  He personally reviews your repair work needed with you and answers all of your questions.  Tim works well with the insurance companies and keeps you up to date with your car's repair process.  On the day that I was called to pick up my car, I was amazed.  He stayed at the shop an hour later due to late repairs and my pick up time.  He  had a driver waiting for me at the car rental business ready to pick me up and take me to Andy's Collision Center on Cave Creek Road.  When I arrived, the car was spotless inside and outside and the repair work was impeccable, not a flaw in sight.  Well done and may the business of many clients flow your way!  Andy's Collision Center is so deserving of the many more praises that are sure to come.  Thank you for taking the time to care about the repair work of my vehicle and the personal communication that makes your body repair shop so very special.
I've been to the Mirage on many occasions.  The new penthouse suites were very nice.  I'm planning a trip this year and thought I would check the reviews.  What is concerning is that management only responds to the good reviews while ignoring the bad ones. It seems they just don't care. I think it's time to try something new.
This a super cool, fun place!  There are a ton of products and people around everywhere to help you.  The camping section is awesome.  This place has pretty much everything for the outdoor lover.  I do have a confession though, I go with my five year son just to look at the fish in the tank and the little indoor stream at least once a week.  He loves to look at all of the animals and thinks the shooting range is pretty much the coolest thing ever.  Honestly parents, it is super cool for kids and an air conditioned activity that is free for the most part- we usually stop and get some homemade fudge from the stand just outside of the restaurant that has huge aquariums full of beautiful fish.
DO NOT USE COMCAST XFINITY SERVICES. Worst service, ever. Horrible experience on the phone with them. They took a payment off my credit card and applied it to someone else's account and then said mine would be delinquent because 'they don't have a payment from ME'. The rep said I would have to dispute the charge with my bank but that doesn't have anything to do with them. THEY'RE THE ONES WHO TOOK THE PAYMENT. When I said I'd cancel service he said, "if we don't have anything else to talk about then I guess this conversation is redundant." Smh.
This restaurant's ventilation was insufficient as soon as you walk in. You are overwhelmed by the grilling atmosphere in the whole restaurant. We had a pork and chicken plate and calamari. The chicken was very dry and same with the pork. The salad and rice were very bland. The calamari was mediocre as well. I don't think I will be goings back to this restaurant anytime soon.......
Food was pretty good. We had Mongolian beef with fried rice and sweet and sour chicken with brown rice. Also added 2 crab wontons which were actually very good and side of noodles. Next time I wanna try the lettuce wraps.
I was visiting Charlotte this October for a conference and decided to check this place out.  I had an all-over color and hair cut.  It took a little over three hours but turned out great!  My stylist was one of the newest but the instructor was available to oversee all the critical moments.  Overall, it you know what you want and keep it simple this is a fine low cost option.  The entrance to the salon is on the backside of the building facing the parking garage, an easy walk from the Lynx Bland Street station.  Weekends are super busy so either plan ahead or go during the week.
Full service does not include tire dressing??? Stupid! Why call it full service?? They could have just done it and  made a note on my record.  Poor service.  Waited too long and my tires looked like crap.
Avoid BLT Burger at The Mirage. I am a burger whore and have been wanting to try this place for quite awhile now. This is not the place to satisfy. Took forever to get seated, servers just walked by ignoring us. This should have been our sign to turn around. When we finally did get seated, they took our order and brought the drinks promptly but then ignored us for about 20mins or so until the food came. I got a simple diet coke which was terrible so I put it at the edge of the table so the waitress might see it and question if I may want something else. The waitress we had, who seemed busy doing not much, did not even serve it to us. The $12 "The Classic" burger is ok, I've had better at Denny's. Cheese and sides are extra. Got the onion rings as a side (as I'm also an onion ring whore). Greasy, weird batter ... not good. One good thing, I wasn't charged for my soda.
Just visited Church Brew Works for the 2nd time and I was  just as thrilled as the 1st.  The beer is good and the food will surprise you!  Love that they converted a local historic landmark!  Very cool atmosphere from the beautiful stain glass to the pipe organ.  Wait staff is very friendly!
Got here for happy hour. Currently enjoying the shrimp chiveche and their house salsas. Both delicious. For the main courses we got street tacos and the vegan chile relleno. The tacos were reminded us of actual TJ street tacos (good thing). The chile relleno was different from what I've had in the past, but it was very delicious. One of the best I've ever had. A must get too are the corn fritters.
My husband took me here for Mother's Day lunch. I have to say we almost left because of how it looked but stayed because of the reviews and DO NOT regret it at all. This place has the BEST burger I have ever tried. We had the chili fries, the chips and dip(don't remember the name), the chili cheese fries and the PBJ & bacon burger and OMG everything was perfect! I totally recommend this place!
Yes, it's a burger and fries joint so it's going to be greasy and terrible for you. I don't understand all the negative reviews that cite grease as a problem at Smashburger. The food is fresh and made to order and is not any more greasy than any other burger joint, bar or restaurant I've been to. 

I usually get the Sin City which comes topped with grilled onions and a fried egg. Most burgers can also be ordered as chicken sandwiches as well. The burgers here are pretty filling, although can be considered pricey for fast food since a standard order doesn't come with any fries or sides...add fries and\/or a side and you'll probably have too much food, as I'm typically leaving here feeling super stuffed. 

The staff here is friendly and patient so you can take your time reading the menu if you've never been here before. If you get a salad, try their chipotle dressing, which has a tasty and unique kick to it.
I would say 3.5 stars, but I'll round down because I am in no rush to go back. I ended up going here because I was planning on going to Pizzeria Bianco, but the wait was waaaaay too long. The wait here seemed long also, but I got lucky and got a seat at the bar to eat dinner pretty quickly. 

I definitely enjoyed the pizza. It's a tasty thin crust and the sausage topping had a lot of flavor. However, I did not like the calzone very much. The inside did not seem cooked like it should be. I was in the mood for ricotta cheese and was regrettably let down. In hindsight I should have tried two different types of pizza, maybe next time, if there is one.
Headed to Red's Tavern for a Wednesday post-work lady date. I arrived before my friend, and instead of making me wait, the hostess sat me at a table and took my name, so my friend wouldn't have any trouble finding me - nice touch!  As for the food, apparently I'm really into Calamari these days, and Red's was on par. Not amazing, HAVE to order it next time I go, but solid. The crispy potato flatbread, on the other hand, was delicious and substantially more decadent than I expected - the dough kinda reminded me of a savory funnel cake. Would definitely order again!

Ordered two $5 beer specials (I think it was Creemore on a Wednesday - my memory is terrible), 2 glasses of wine, and two appys. Our bill came to about $30 each, including tip. Not bad for a nice Wednesday girl's night.
Horrible service! Do not come at 8 am when they open because they will not have any food prepared and you will also be ignored.  I came at 755 am and waited in my car until the shop opened.  The worker who opened the restaurant (presumably the owner?) was parked right next to me and saw me waiting.  She got out of her car at exactly 8 and unlocked the front door then went in.  Immediately after, a man walked in and so I walked in right after him.  The man and the worker woman were speaking in Vietnamese so I didn't know what they were saying but they seemed like they knew each other.  After a few minutes she hands him an iced coffee and he leaves.  She then proceeds to move about the restaurant all the while ignoring me while I'm standing there wondering if I somehow became invisible.  I wait about another minute and then finally get her attention and ask if I can order something.  She gives me a blank look like she has seen me for the first time and says in a condescending tone..it'll be 10 minutes.  I've never experienced this kind of crap service anywhere.  Spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere!  Lee's in the mall across the street is open 24 hours and they're much more friendly there.
The cheese tart was sooooo wonderful! Love the favor, love the texture, an awesome package of warm goodness. Packaging was nice too. And it was very filling, probably enough for four person or three meals;)
Had business lunch recently. Service was a little slow but food was good. Willing to try again.
We went around 2 am on a Tuesday. Was a bit hard to find but hey its called discreet for a reason lmao. I suppose it was a slow night becuz there was only 4-5 ladies in there, which most of them was already occupied. I give props to the waitress and the bartender, the service was fast and my drink was strong. The ladies were friendly and talkative
Didn't have anything I was looking for....the lines reminded me of Walmart.  This Kmart was out of the way but we were in the area and decided to stop here to see what I was looking. The second Kmart I went to today.
I usually get the 1\/4 chicken and vary the sides. The Cilantro Rice, Plantains and Green Beans are phenomenal! It is always enough food for me and I'm a pretty sizable guy. However, there is always the 1\/2 chicken too if you are really famished. The two sauces (I only know them as green and yellow) are both delicious and unique. Great for dipping chicken or fries into or pouring over your rice.
The stuffed avocados with chicken are incredible and worthy of an appetizer to try or get two and make it a meal.
The Tres Leche cake is also wonderfully sweet and a great treat.

When I checked in, I commented "I got here as soon as I could!" I did not know it was opening day until I got to the register and thought it had been open a week or two. I usually avoid openings because so much can go wrong and the lines are too long. I'm really okay with delayed gratification.

That all being said, they were flawless in their opening which indicates to me this place is going to thrive with high quality and delicious food. I've reviewed their original location and am no stranger to their food. I will be a regular at this closer location.
Oh my god Momocho!! I came here quite a while back, long before I was avid yelper. I just now thought of how I should definitely write a review, while I was stalking them on facebook. 

There are no words to describe how much I miss you momocho! Sooo yummy, and fun. 

I tried calling before we went, like I think even a day before but they were booked solid. I was told however that they would accept walk ins. So we showed up around 4:40pm after just arriving in Cleveland. Already there was a line forming outside the door 20 minutes before opening.  I was pumped to have gotten there so early and to not have to wait for a table. We sat downstairs at a table across from the bar, on some very high up stools. The place is pretty small and cozy. I loved the decorations all over the walls.

We started with the much beloved guacamole sampler. We got the goat cheese, blue cheese\/garlic, and pineapple guacs! I love the creative ideas they have for their guacs. The goat cheese was definitely my favorite! The blue cheese was good but had a very strong flavor as you would imagine. The pineapple was also pretty good. The sizes of these things were ridiculous, and we ended up taking a large amount of them back and snacking on them at the hotel later in the evening.

For the meal I got the ahi tuna taquitos. I thought they were pretty decent. I wasn't the hugest fan, and I would prefer to get something more meaty next time since that seems to be their specialty. The blood orange marmalade that came with the tuna taquitos was stupendous however!! We were dipping everything into that by the end of the meal. My date got the coffee braised beef brisket taquitos and he said it was one of the best things he had ever had. You assemble the taquitos yourself, which I kind of enjoyed because I could decide how much I wanted loaded into each one. 

I def wish I had tried the margarita sampler when I was there. All of them look spectacular.

I yearn for this restaurant everyday. I am constantly making excuses in my head for why I need to come back to Cleveland. I can't really find anything else I would want to do in Cleveland though haha. Some day though I will make my glorious return to the city and I will feast upon tons of meaty taquitos, conquer the rest of the guacamole I didn't get to try, and chug copious amounts of margaritas! And it will be legen  dary.
I never thought I would be the type to fall in love with WF. I fell. I fell hard. We were there at least once a week for the first several months it was open. I was addicted to their prepared foods. Heck, I even put my cats on their food. 
That was then. This is now. I still love WF, but I am much more tempered. Things have changed recently, and not for the better. The staff that used to make the perfect sandwich and happily direct me to the perfect wine for my dinner has been replaced by uncaring people, seemingly just there to collect a paycheck. Not cool. My theory is that I fell for the employees of the east side stores during their training stage. Those employees are long gone, and the store is left with not so nice ones. 
The store itself is well kept and organized. It seems clean. The bathrooms are nice and clean. The prepared food and bakery quality is decent, but not what it once was. For the money, I expect better. I never minded paying a premium for premium products, but that just hasn't been the case. The taco bar especially is always old. The bakery tastes old... the same stuff, just without that little somehing extra. 
I will keep trying. You still have my heart. For now.
Die angemessene Auswahl an Cocktails ist erfreulich. Leider ist die Livemusik manchmal zu laut und man kann sich nicht mehr unterhalten. Die Qualität von Essen ist grundsätzlich gut. Die Guacamole war zu flüssig. Das Telekom-Mobilfunknetz war nicht erreichbar. Das Mobiliar fällt teilweise fast auseinander  ist aber bequem. Die Bedienung ist freundlich und prompt. Die Stimmung war bei 3 Promille 3,5 (aufgerundet) Sterne wert.
The negative reviews posted on here are out of date.  

I stayed at this Ramada last week and it was absolutely beautiful.  The room was modern and clean, the staff was friendly, and the continental breakfast was delicious.  I would happily stay here again.  The only negative-ish comment I have is that it's directly behind a "gentlemen's club"  but, truthfully, once I got into the room I couldn't care less about what was next door, the hotel room was a nice retreat after a long day of driving.
Good place, but i was kind of annoyed how my friends got there orders way before i did , and i ordered it right when we walked in i was starving and they take a while to decide what they would like to order , spicy mayo , is just straight up mayo and spiracha which was weird because i have always ordered it at diffrent locations and its actually there own take on a sauce not a blob of mayo with spiracha on the side -_- , eel sauce was alright , there rainbow roll was delicious and eel roll , my friends were also happy with what they ordered which was arizona roll , crunch roll , and a caifornia shrimp tempura roll , it was good over all , but im a sauce person , and they were clearly lacking in that =]
My husband and I have been going to Dr. Gupta for several years. He is great at listening and prescribing the best steps to deal with your problems. He is easy to talk to and has great stories. Very relatable.
Good food, good ambiance and good service;  Philly steak sandwich was ok; but the classic beaf burger was  exceptional;  one of the best burgers I have had in years , a true classic . The lemon mint drink was most refreshing.  Lots of variety and choices in the menu.
AMAZING!!!! Best F-Ing pig we've ever had...carpaccio is fresh and oh so good...mash potatoes are amazing!!! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!!! Will definitely come back!!!
The fried mozzarella was gross, but the spaghetti was pretty good. Wish this location was larger. If u go at the wrong time the wait is long.
unlike most of the reviews before we didn't encounter any issues with the room or service or staff... we lived in the pyramid.

the room we lived in was always kept clean and tidy.
the check in was quick and easy. same as check out.

we spent some great time at the pool and the casino of the hotel and everywhere we encountered a very good service and friendly personnel.

it's located at the end of the strip but all the linking connections and some connecting trams make it pretty easy to walk around or you can just stay on the territory of the hotel it pretty much has it all - casinos, food court, pool and shots... isn't that's what you're looking for in vegas?
I love this place so much I had to write a review.
Literally the best mocha I've ever had. The baristas are so nice and the other staff are super friendly. If you buy coffee bags, then you get a free sticker or pin. Highly recommended! I came all the way from Winston Salem to check it out.
I ordered take out food all the time here. Food tastes great. They are always busy at night and i don't have to time wait. Someday i might able to try to get in. Price are quite expensive for small portion. One thing i notice is the food doesnt taste as fresh as i make them at home. Staff are not too friendly.
This is probably the worst company i have ever dealt with. We rented a 8x20 storage unit to decluter and remove items from the house to get it ready to sell, the unit was delivered and picked up on time but when we had it delivered to the new home 1\/4 of the boxes were destroyed by water damage, this unit had to have been under water with the amount of damage done. We left the boxes and items in the storage unit as the mold smell was unbearable, even the moving company did not want to touch them. i called and sent pictures immediately and have left several emails asking status of our claim, i have gotten one email that states a claim response can take up to 2 weeks to investigate the claim status, its been a month with no response. They claim there is only one person that does these claims, this unit was clearly under submerged under water for long periods of time. Read your contract they make you sign they will not cover any damage done by them even if they were at fault.
This could be my favorite coffee shop...if I lived here. Almost makes me want to move to Phoenix. The coffees are perfect along with a few tasty snacks, but along with that is such a cute, cozy atmosphere with some very good art and such a perfect mix of music. I love that it is right next to the light rail line.
Took my boxer to go to the Container Park downtown & oddly, they do not allow dogs :( So I looked on Yelp to try to find a spot she could happily sit beside me on a patio for lunch.  Came across this little gem & absolutely was pleasantly surprised.  Sort of a sketchy street to walk & a bit off the beaten path from downtown but turns out the food was really quite great & the green tea was surprisingly delish!  Good spot!  Although, I couldn't locate their bathroom, everything else was excellent.
This place is pretty tasty and has great happy hour specials!   

The 2 high lights of my visit, imo, were the awesome chorizo mac'n'cheese and sitting on the small but nice patio. My chicken nachos were good too but I just kept stealing my friend's mac'n'cheese... next time, I know what to order!

Nice, clean, trendy atmosphere, and our server was nice and cute.  

See ya there!
I absolutely love coming here! Everyone is always so helpful and honest. As a girl, that doesn't know anything about cars, I always felt like other places were scamming me. But these guys really explain what's going on and are honest about what needs to be fixed and when... no pressure! Thanks for being awesome.
Love this place, went not too long ago to get the hot stone massage. Was first time getting the stones. The receptionist was very nice and welcoming. My therapist was Hilary, and she was very attentive and even said if I didn't like the stones when she started that she would charge me only for a regular massage. She was very calming and asked about certain areas that I wanted her to focus on. The hot stones were amazing, and what I loved the most is she would ask if the pressure was ok. She made sure that I was very comfortable. And she got some major knots out of my back. I have never had anyone like her. I highly recommend this place, it's definitely worth the money
Went here for a nice date night with the boy. Didn't know it was small plates (not my favorite concept unless I'm going looking for it). We had the truffle fries, falafel, a pasta dish and shrimp and andouille. It was good. Nothing exceptional. I'd recommend it for something different but it wouldn't be my "go-to" restaurant. Our waiter was nice but wasn't super attentive (they were fairly busy though). 

Overall, good food. Good experience. Ok service.
RUDE. just got hung up on on the phone. Called back and was not able to get a finished sentence in. If you dont want to deal with customer service then dont open a bakery. duh.
OMG... Ok. ... so if you love oysters this is definitely the place to eat at. I ordered 2 dozen Oysters. ..an order of garlic fries...that were so delicious they were to die for. If you like to drink... the bartender definitely hooks it up with a very generous amount of liquor...so this place hands down is a MUST eat at. Jackie and Ashley were awesome with the customer service which is rare in Vegas. I will definitely become a regular because of the great customer friendly service both the girls gave and the awesome taste of the fresh quality of the oysters. By the way they serve em up 24 hours and on Thursday oysters are $1 each ....yes... one dollar each oyster on thursdays.
Service was excellent. The garlic Parmesan French fries were good. I had the BBQ burger and it was meh. Far from horrible, but it was nothing to turn flips over.
This Italian bakery in the Venetian Casino has some beautiful pastries and is one of the few places in the US I've found that sells sfogliatelle.  Sadly, the sfogliatelle did not have the crisp, fresh deliciousness of the ones in Italy.  The cookies at Tintoretto were yummy though.  The prices are relatively high, but I still buy a few cookies when visiting Vegas.
Great show to see with you friends! The tickets are assigned for the section, not the seat. If you are planing to have the best seat, wait in line, so you can select the best one.
They are great entertainers, and defiantly take a pictures and stay after the show.
Simon's Wok is one of my favourite restaurants for great homey, unpretentious Chinese vegetarian food.  Definite must try dishes include the deep fried king mushroom, black mushroom with broccoli, vegetarian deluxe, szechuan shrimp, fried "eel" with seaweed and any of their fried noodle dishes.  They also have the best gluten platter I have ever had.  The soups and soup noodles are a bit bland as is the stuffed bean curd roll and vegetarian chicken appetizer.

Service is very friendly and efficient and the prices can't be beat.  Washrooms are down a flight of rather steep and creaky stairs ... they are clean but a bit sketchy, not uncommon in basements of older buildings.
Video game bar with a variety of old video games. It was cash only. Went on a Friday night and it wasn't very busy. The experience was fine except for the fact that it was freezing. Most people kept their jackets on it was so cold. Probably wouldn't go back.
Okay this might be a little bit long but I just love, love, love this place! Did I say that I LOVE THIS PLACE! Five years ago we held our wedding reception here complete with 21 close family and friends. Best choice we could have made. The servers were very attentive then, and 5 years later they still uphold the same high level of attentiveness. Just the right amount too. Not like some places where your server is back at your table every 5 minutes to the point where you wish they would just let you enjoy your food!

Let's talk about food. EVERYTHING, and I do mean EVERYTHING on this menu has your food palate watering! Deciding what to order is going to be tuff, but no worries, you won't be disappointed with your final decision. Portions are very generous, and in direct proportion to the quality and price for your meal. Desert anyone? Okay, but you'll have to get it to go it you plan on finishing it. Cheesecake is my favorite. The 7 layer lemon cake is my husband's favorite. 

Oops! Almost forgot mention that you must start the night with their signature VIP's!!!!!!!

If your ever in the Dallas TX area visit that location as well. You will be greeted with the same great service, food, and overall experience!
This company did an awesome job with repairing my AC. I highly recommend them for their good customer service. Answered the phone right away. Staff was very friendly.

My AC was broken and the tech fixed with no problem. It works like new now. 5\/5 stars. Blows colder than ever.
After 10mins of the woman at the door insuring I was showing her the deal purchased pertained to this business, then getting "the boss" on the phone to speak to me for what I don't know, then them not understanding I had time restrictions..

I finally enjoyed the experience, but had to run out quickly.
I've been going to My Nails & Tan since they first opened which is about 15 years ago. And over the course of those 15 years, I have only been to a few other nail salons for only 2 reasons: 1. I'm in a rush and don't have time to wait 2.I'm out of town and failed to get my nails done prior to leaving.

Bottom line, I've yet to get a better pedicure or fill-in ANYWHERE.  And let's face it...who doesn't like to go to an establishment where when you walk in the door you're greeted by your first name?  That small effort to make EVERYONE that walks through their door feel like a valued customer is awesome to me!  There are other clients that have been going there for years as well so it feels like one big happy family.

The only reason I'm not giving a 5 star rating is because they continue to struggle with being fully staffed so the wait can be long at times.  Yet if you're not in rush, ( LIKE I ALWAYS AM!), then it's well worth the wait.
WHO: If you love italian, you'll love this place for sures! The bartender & server were super sweethearts & also chatted it up with me!

WHEN: The first time I hit this restaurant up, I missed Happy Hour by a minute! Literally! So, from my experience, you definitely need to check it out from 5-8pm, and 12-3am! Happy Hour consists of half off the entire menu! =D Also, if you are a yelper and you let them know, you are rewarded with a free cocktail with the order of an entree. Yayy for yelpp!!

(I went there recently and there are cones directly in front of the restaurant due to construction! I automatically thought it was closed because there were no cars in the parking lot, but my friend and I took a chance. MISSION COMPLETE!)

WHERE: Located on the corner of Sahara & Arville, look out for the red sign!

WHAT: There were no cocktails for me this time, but I will look into it on my next visit! After a couple of hours of shopping, my friend and I decided we wanted to try this place out. (I really just wanted to see what the Truffle Mac&Cheese was all about, haha). 

My friend and I tried:

-Italian Sausage Flatbread: I was seriously expecting something small, but the server came out with an 8-piece flatbread pizza! It was marvelous! The sausage gave it the taste it needed, and I LOVE FLATBREAD!

-Truffle Mac&Cheese: Ahhh!! Thank heaven for mac&cheese!! I am a lover of macaroni & cheese and this has got to be one of the best I've ever had!! I am craving for some more just thinking about it! There is such a perfect amount of truffle in every single bite, and the perfect amount of cheese. It is just pure perfection!

-Pork & Figs: One word that describes this dish... BOMB!! I've never tried figs (besides fig newtons, haha) but they were just dandy! I wish I would have taken a picture of the dish (as I usually do!) It was perfectly created, the pork on top of the gravy'd mashed potatoes, and the flavorful figs all around it. I highly recommend!! =D

WHY: The food is a must & an A-plusplusplus, the service was incredible (newfound friends), and the atmosphere was just CHILL!

*NOTE: REMEMBER TO GO DURING HAPPY HOUR!
perfection from head to toe!

staff:  exceptional service - going above and beyond expectations.  the staff remembered my name and personally welcomed me upon every arrival and asked if i needed any assistance with directions or recommendations upon my departures.  

service:  prompt, courteous, professional, personal

accommodations:  clean, contemporary, classy, refined, fresh

view:  my suite was on the 58th floor and overlooked the fountains.  i couldn't imagine a better view in the whole city!

shopping:  shopping!  shopping!  shopping!

food:  three words "o" "m" "g" - Jose Andres, Holsteins, The Wicked Spoon... beyond my culinary expectations!  

club:  Marquee was off the chain!

parking:  not only did they provide valet service, but they were able to accommodate my Tesla and allowed for charging.  VIP valet service!

overall, if i could live here, i would!   i don't write many reviews, but, when i do, i mean what i say.   i was sincerely impressed with the property and service.  i'm not big into gaming - so, i haven't much a comment where that is concerned - but, the lobby and the tables were full and festive.  

literally my  best experience with any hotel property in Las Vegas and one that tops the list for my experiences with places around the world.
My friend and I tried the phyllo pastry with spinach and cheese, it was really good! We also had the Turkish coffee, which reminded me a lot of traditional Ethiopian coffee. I had mine with a bit of sugar, even though I normally drink my coffee black. I really enjoyed the coffee, it was unique and not too strong. The cafe has a nice interior, lots of seating, wifi, and a Bixi station nearby. A great place for meeting up with a friend, reading, or studying!
I've eaten at Rodney's a few times, and am quite a fan. In terms of oysters I usually just ask the people at the counter what is good that day, and I have never been lead astray. They know what is best\/freshest. I always order teh manhattan clam chowder as well. As someone who is lactose intolerant it's great to have a non-dairy soup option. I recommend sitting at the oyster bar. I almost always do, and I have always received great service. Once I was even sitting next to the owner! Plus I enjoy watching the shuckers work.
Worst cake I have ever ate , the owner said that all debit machines are broken ?! Seriously? This is just their techniqhe to pay less taxes !! She also said japanese have high standard so they have to throw a lot of craked cake ?! Thats why there is such a long line ? Thats not true . The cake i got is craked so are my friends! Taste is bad too . They just use hunger selling technique to fool average customers .
The lavender vanilla latte is one of my favorite lattes in Pittsburgh. The syrup is homemade, and it is never sickeningly sweet. I love the beans here. I use them in my Jura Capresso all the time, and find them to be comparable to La Prima, as well as some of my favorites in San Francisco and New York.
Great experience! Husband and I went on a Wednesday night hoping it wouldn't be too crowded. It was about a 15 minute wait (not bad) but we were starving so decided to eat the bar. The bartenders were fun and informative, which really helped since I'm gluten free. When I asked for the GF menu, they made sure to point out their kitchen is NOT GF and has pizza flour floating around. I appreciate the heads up but ate it anyway and it was delicious! Tons of cheese and they offered fresh grated parm when they brought it out. Hubby got a pizza w\/carne asada, which I never heard of. He liked it, then added Cholula sauce like the menu recommends and he said it was great. The service from hostess, to bartender, to the waitress that showed me where the bathroom was hidden were all super friendly. My only suggestion for improvement would be more GF options besides pizza and salad (tho they did have some veggie appetizers too) but I'm talking main dish. And a GF pizooki would be great too!
I'm so bummed the Improv is closed now, as we're only stuck with this venue. The show was excellent and the view of the performer is amazing. Seriously, great inside and had a great time at the show, however everything else was terrible. I can't wait until they step up their customer service game, because then this place will be awesome.

We had the 9:45pm show tickets. We waited outside while it was still blistering hot outside. We had nice clothes on and we were all sweating so much. We couldn't get in until 9:45 or 9:50 - seriously? I thought that's when the show started? Nope, it started much later than that. When we were sat we were all super dehydrated but there was no water in sight. Is that even legal? Good god the service was horrible. You have to ask to know what beer is available, because all they give you is a terrible menu full of drinks only 21 year old girls would order (no offense, I was one too). No complaints about the 2 drink minimum, it's standard, but c'mon. At least advertise that you have a full bar. Because god knows it's difficult to hear your waiter when that place is packed. So going back to the fact that we're all dehydrated and pissed from standing in line, we asked for waters right away. We waited FOREVER to get our drinks. DRINKS! And no water. We asked about the water and he said he'd get it for us right away. Not so much. I couldn't wait any longer. We were parched! I marched into the lobby and and asked for assistance getting water. Minutes later the waiter came back to the table and asked if we still needed water. Um, duh? We told him we had to go get it ourselves. Such a poor customer service experience the first time I was there. The girl in the lobby was awesome though, she even helped me carry in the drinks. I would recommend that on a hot day they have pitchers of water available at the tables when guests first come in. You're lucky someone didn't pass out waiting for water at the event!

Another issue I had was the prices. It was I think $20 per person for a ticket and the drinks were extravagantly expensive. It was another $20 per person for the drinks. I can't believe we shelled out $50 per person for a night out at a comedy club. I'd like to come back more, but I can't imagine dropping that kind of change often.

PS the Sangria was literally the worst drink I have had ever made at a real bar. I would ask for my refund but I was already so mad about the lack of water I didn't want to cause a scene. Stick with the liquors.
The only thing I enjoyed was the Mongolian gril & my beer. I don't think I'll be going back unless I'm really in the for the Mongolian BBQ.
This review is based on an AYCE lunch ($15).  I don't know how Chitose Asian flares among the competition in Newmarket.  Compared to the competition in Markham, Richmond Hills and downtown Toronto, the sushi, maki rolls and grilled food (no sashimi for lunch) are squarely middle of the road.  Fresh, solid, decent but no WOW moment.  The red curry is surprisingly good, however.

Services are friendly.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and clean.

I think I will return when I crave for Japanese food in the hood.  It seems like a reliable choice.
Terribly overpriced for what you get. They charged $13 for a well Martini, which is insane for Charlotte. You can get a signature cocktail at any good bar for that. The food itself is good, it's just equally overpriced. I'm all for great gourmet food, but there are so many better options for this amount of money.
I would give it more stars but they had nothing we wanted in stock. Other then that it was a nice and clean place, customer service was great as well.
I totally agree with bike j. This is so far the best sushi restaurant in toronto way better then, ki, blowfish, or Wabora by far, it's not even close. 

The please is modest yet traditional, the service is excellent, but the sushi is the main attraction! 

The best server is Rio (pronounced Leo with a soft "l") he is by far the best we have experienced at any restaurant in toronto. 

Our favorite dish is the "sushi deluxe" it's a delight of melt in your mouth 12pc nigiri and 6pc maki all super fresh and tasty. (we ask them to hold the raw shrimp, not an allergy just a personal taste thing, I like my raw shrimp in a cocktail with a lot of horseradish sauce, not a big fan of sushi shrimp) that said we love he tempura in the maki. 

We add salmon avocado hand rolls, uni sashimi, and ikura sashimi. 

The California cab they have is great as well (comes by the 1\/2 bottle or bottle) 

Omakase is unbelievable! You will have to book minimum of 24 hrs in advance bc they custom order the fish specifically for those that booked Omakase. It's well worth it.
BE CAREFUL IF YOU REQUIRE ADA ACCESS! 

I will start off saying that the show itself was FANTASTIC! Absolutely loved it. Definitely not for those that are easily offended. Very crude humor! I would give the show itself 6 stars if I could. The venue is small and it's a roundhouse so there isn't a bad seat at all. Every act was amazing- perfect balance of side splitting humor and talent that has you in absolute awe! 

However, we had a horrible experience getting into the show. We had a large group of 9 and one friend requires wheelchair access. We called ahead to make sure this was possible before we purchased tickets. After we waited in line to get in to the venue we were told they couldn't accommodate the wheelchair. We explained that we were told it was fine and offered possible solutions. And his response to everything was "we can't do that" or "unfortunately I don't have that authority". A lot of passing the buck and I didn't feel he was really trying to make something work. Finally we suggested breaking our group up (which wasn't ideal but we planned our night around seeing this show) and he said that he would check. So eventually we got seated and separated from our friend. After I was able to calm down from the fiasco I did genuinely enjoy the show.
If you like Singapore noodles, look no further. I love this dish and have ordered it at many other places that offer it and nobody beats Grand china. Spicy salted squid is also to die for. Such a bummer both locations by my house closed, but it's worth the drive. Oh and I always get takeout so can't comment on the dining room.
My go to burger joint. I use their app to order. It's always ready, fresh and delicious. Great and friendly staff. Very Clean. Nice job 5 Guys
Looking for a spot to eat while in Pittsburgh, with specifically mac n cheese and came across this place...

I can say the service was GREAT the entire time! Drinks were refilled promptly , dishes removed, and we were checked on multiple times.

When it came to the food, to me it was nothing really special. I had gotten the half-baked Italian sandwich with a side of mac n cheese. The sandiwch itself was not bad, the Tuscan aioli did give it some good flavor. However, when it came to the mac n cheese I can say I am glad I only got the side...it was just on the plain side, with very runny cheese and was just not for me (which I was pretty disappointed in). We had also got the Hush Piggies which were nice and crispy, but once again the taste was just not for me.
The past 3 or so times i've been here, I haven't enjoyed the rolls that i've ordered, be it a new roll or one I have gotten before. Their sushi appetizers are still fantastic (the dinosaur egg is AMAZING), but the rolls have been less than stellar and pretty bland. Service has gotten a bit better, but I come for the sushi, not stellar service. 

I mean, the food is real (i'm not sure why someone would think that it wasn't...), but they just seem to have lost the ability to know what to do with it. 
I'll be sticking to my usual sushi haunt instead of making the drive up here.
HDOS is by far an outstanding business, starting with basic greetings when you walk into the store to amazing customer service and competent professionals in each department.  My husband and I recently moved to the Scottsdale, AZ area and wanted a new HD motorcycle.  We are so glad we went to HDOS.  From the moment we walked in the door with our "trade-in" to 4 hours later when we walked out the door with our new "2017 Ultra LTD", we were SO impressed with everything HDOS had to offer.  I can tell you from experience being a client services consultant and fully appreciating what "outstanding" customer service looks like.  I'm an expert and don't write reviews unless I truly am impressed and mean it.  We truly feel like family each time we go into the store (which is alot) and everyone is just wonderful.  If you are in the market for a new HD, want to come to a Harley Store and check it out or want to see what "outstanding customer service" is like - go to HDOS.  I promise, you won't be disappointed, EVER.
I listed my Ford Explorer on Craigslist and 24 hours later it was sold to Valley Car Group in Phoenix.  They first contacted me by text asking if it was still available and then asked for the VIN and current mileage so they could run a Carfax.  A few minutes later I received a phone call saying that they were interested in coming to see it.  A half hour later they were standing in my garage looking my vehicle over.  They offered me a very fair price for the vehicle and said they would take it that night!  So we drove to the Chase bank that they use for their company account....once there they handled all of the paperwork with speed.  They issued the payoff check to the finance company, and another check to me for the balance....which I immediately cashed.  They put the payoff paperwork and check in a FedEx envelope and delivered it to FedEx drop off right in front of me.  They then gave me the tracking number and slip and then drove my husband and I home!  The whole process was so quick and easy.  Jason Holcomb was the representative that completed the deal with me, and I cannot say enough good things about him.  He was polite and friendly.  He gave me a very fair price on my truck and handled all of the paperwork with efficiency and courtesy.  I would highly recommend Jason and Valley Car Group to anyone looking to sell or buy a vehicle.  It's hard to feel confident in the integrity of people....especially when you are dealing with Craigslist and all of the scams that site is famous for being used for.  Jason and Valley Car Group were honest and fair and up-front about everything every step of the way.  I would have given them more stars but 5 was the max!
Been twice and the first visit was far better than the second. First time round was a Saturday afternoon and we had prompt friendly service with piping hot good food. Thai noodles with chicken breast for my wife; hot spicy and a generous portion. 16oz steak for me; better than plenty of steaks I've paid a lot more for, steaming hot chips and a lovely Jim Beam sauce.
The second time was a Sunday afternoon and the service was atrocious. Dirty tables everywhere, an apparent lack of serving staff, one girl behind the var with a large queue etc. I ordered the same food we'd had on the previous visit and I was told that there was a 30 to 40 minute wait for food. I was in no rush so ordered anyway.
Just short of an hour later  at around the point where I was about to complain - the food arrived. I had ordered steak and it came with no steak knife but when I asked the waitress for one she replied We've run out, then went to walk off! I asked her if she could get someone to wash one so that I could eat my steak, and by the look on her face you'd think I'd asked her to boil kittens! 
She returned with the knife and boy was I glad she did. My supposedly rare steak was overcooked, chewy and stringy. The knife was put to very good use, cutting half of the steak up to take home for my dog. My wife's Thai noodles were oily and greasy. The chips were tepid. Not great.
And considering how long we'd had to wait and the assumption that the delay was due to being short-staffed, the waitress who served us spent the next 15 minutes at a table very close to us, just standing there chatting with what were obviously a couple of her pals. No wonder we had such a long wait.
It only goes to show that when you eat at a chain pub your meal is only as good as the teenager on a weekend job knocking it together in the kitchen. It's a lottery what your food will be like. 
Bottom line? Cheap enough, generous portions, but it's hit and miss with regards to the quality of your meal.
Follow up comment 22\/08\/12. I complained to the Barracuda chain that owns this pub via email just over a week ago. They emailed me to confirm receipt of my complaint within 24 hours, a proper email not an automatically generated one. Yesterday they emailed me with a satisfactory resolution to my issue. 
Well established that a correctly resolved complaint usually results in a more loyal customer as it engenders confidence. We will return to the Exchequer. I will update as and when.
Stopped in after back to back basketball games to feed 9 hungry mouths. Maria Defante was awesome! So helpful and friendly. We will be back. Thank you MARIA!
From certain angles the Quartermile can make for an idyllic scene in contrast to the dreary buildings found in the nearby Bristo square area.

A reliable Starbucks, Sainsbury's and more fancy Peter's Yard equate to a solid place for milling around during any lunch break.

Just watch out for the odd cyclist racing past, you don't want your almond croissant and Americano to splatter all over your crisp polo shirt.
I love this place! They have amazing soup and everything I've tried on the menu so far has been great. It's nice to have a casual meal at a reasonable price and feel good about what you just ate. They are vegan friendly and also allow dogs on the patio.  The staff is also amazing.  It's truly a great spot.
Overall really liked the place. Came for dinner on a Saturday and hardly nobody there which was worrying. But our food and service was fine. We pretty much came for the dim sum rather than ordering entrees. I've had dim sum in Chinatowns all over the world and this was honestly pretty good. Everything made fresh steamed and brought out as it is finished. We even tried the congee soup with century preserved egg and it was quite good. I would love to see them offer those dumplings filled with the hot soup inside that I had in San Francisco before. Would go here again for sure..
Love the service  and the high level of interest Lori and Greg take in caring for my pet when she is being geoomed!
The amount of five star reviews seemed too good to be true. A dentist less than 5 minutes away that was also awesome? Nah, couldn't be true...but it is true! I was skeptical, and nervous. I've had my share of horrible dental experiences. However, Dr. McAdams is amazing! My husband and I both really like him and his team. My teeth were sparkling when I came out of my appointment, and it was one of the easiest and most thorough cleanings I have ever had. I actually enjoyed getting my teeth clean.

But wait, there's more...my husband was so relaxed while getting two small cavities filled, that he fell ASLEEP. He literally dozed off in the chair for a second. My husband usually hates the dentist - dreads it for days. But he had no problems at Dr. McAdams office. My husband said there was no pain getting the cavities filled, and he didn't even feel the shot to numb his mouth. Also, they gave my husband a print out of what our expected cost would be with insurance coverage (before the cavities were even filled); it was nice to have them be so upfront about it. So professional and courteous. 

Also, the front desk staff is so sweet!!! I highly recommend Dr. McAdams and his team! They are the BEST!
Only authentic Chinese hot pot in Phoenix area.  Great staff to help with any questions and to make sure you have everything that you need or want.  This is our second time here and was just as good as the first time.  We will absolutely go there again with the selection of meats, vegetables, noodles and anything else you could want in hot pot.
The food: 2\/5. The food was solid meh. I ordered their lobster eggs benedict and it was probably one of the worst I've ever had. I don't know what sauce it was, but it wasn't  hollandaise since it was very watery and unappealing. There lobster content was perhaps half a tea spoon of something pink, more reminiscent of the imitation crab meat than Nova Scotia lobster as advertised. The cappuccino was bad, so was the coffee with Baileys. The mimosas were cheap, I'll give them that. 

The service: 2\/5. They were fairly busy, but not packed. Our server was inattentive and absent for long stretches of time. 

Overall: 2\/5. I wouldn't eat their food again if you paid me, however you can get cheap drinks.
Lunch service only. 

I swear my fellow diners at hospital canteens look in better shape than the  mass that "meats"  for late lunch at this location. This wasn't just a grey tide but a few human buoys had popped in too.   Please withhold the " don't be so judgmental"  holier than though attitude , this is a review site  after all.   

Lately I have been working remotely ( or remotely working)  on the Friday so I've been going out on Fridays for lunch since it's all "new" to me.  The same places that I eat out at  in the evening often have vastly different characters during the day and  this Black Angus throws it into sharp relief.  For example at night I have never been served stale bread. 

At night they have  a wide range of ages , group sizes and noise levels  and  there's some life in the place. Chilis that just opened up nearby and seems to have kidnapped the life leaving   a quiet, genteel even , location that would be more fitting in the deep south when you don't have anything better to do. So far this is the only local place that  exceeded my hour. 

Food's ok ,  fitting with the  price range and  the burgers are well appointed,   cooked to request and  relatively  tasteful.  Fries tepid and it feels like the minimum  you have to do to keep the blue rinse and  Caddy driving class happy is all they are about when the sun is up.  The only thing hip about this place is the replacement joints.  

Coffee seems to have been held on life support  and brought out when some unsuspecting fool that refuses to believe in coffee only being  a morning drug. Usually the surroundings  don't bug me but it felt like the Hometown Buffet  , which I can live with until you give me stale bread  past it's sell by date which  I fear may a fitting epitaph for this place within daylight hours
From.the beginning to the end i was impressed with these guys. I just moved into my new place and the ac definitely looked neglected. Wanted to get a quote on ac maintenance and new filters etc. They were able to price match with other companies in the area and give me a deal. They were really booked on the day i wanted it serviced but they were able to schedule an appt at a time that was most convienient for me.

Trustworthy guys here, will be calling back for sure.
Stopped in last night with my daughter and was pleasantly surprised how good their salads are. My daughter also fell in  love with their soup. Fresh ingredients and awesome deserts make this a must to try spot.
If you want to take a passport photo, ASK what the price is before you have it taken.

They ripped me off with a staggering $18

By the way costco charges $7

Do you homework
Redwood is a smoke-free, high end restaurant within the California Hotel. It has a comfortable bar which seats 6 and there's one seat for handicap. The bartenders are attentive and quite knowledgeable about their libations. Hint: Keith makes an awesome blueberry mule with Stoli blueberry and fresh fruit. 

My review is based on this newly renovated restaurant completed in September 2016. My dinner party ordered the crab cake, spinach salad, BLT wedge salad, 28 day aged Prime Rib, Alaskan king crab legs, seafood cioppino, warm apple dumpling and crème brûlée. Freshly baked, buttered French baguette and roasted olives was served complimentary and a nice way to start the meal. I'm a big fan of embellishments and it would be nice if the entrees were dressed up a bit. Y'know, parsley, orchid, gremolata...just something that would please the eye and tease the palate.

All in my party gave their selections a thumbs up. But I especially liked the seafood cioppino which was a hearty red sauce which you could dunk your freshly baked bread slice in and mop up the sauce. Delicioso!

Check out my photos to get a better idea of your dish.
The hair selection in here kind of sucks.. Also if it's on sale, they won't let you return or exchange... My opinion- things could be organized a little better according to types of products... There are people outside who are always trying to sell something- the neighborhood isn't the greatest.
The best word I can think of to describe this place is 'meh'. I went here for lunch and I was underwhelmed by the menu. I ended up getting chicken salad with fruit. It was a small scoop of mediocre chicken salad on top of a bed of undressed greens with some grapes and two strawberry slices sprinkled on. When I asked for some dressing they told me there was some on the table. They must have been talking about the oil covered squeeze bottle containing a tasteless vinegarette. Not impressed.
I cant believe I've lived this close for years and havent tried this place.  The food is AMAZING!!!!!!  My #1 bar.  Definitely recommend the pizza!!!!
We all had a blast. It gets better every year. I enjoyed the VIP tent with nice shade and AC in the restrooms!! The food was good and the drinks were cold. Great event! Love going every year.
These men work hard, all day, in order to make the moving process as fast as it can be. They are so polite and I'm so happy I used them to move. The company itself is trustworthy, along with the men who came to my house to help me move. Whether it's a short distance, or across the country, they ARE the place to go to. You will not be disappointed.
Me and my two dining companions were just wanting some fairly normal stuff for a glorified snack, so we got a slice of mushroom and a slice of pepperoni. They also have Coke Zero on tap (served in plain red Solo cups, a nice touch), which delighted one of my friends. We took our haul up to the room and dined there. 

The slices were both quite nice. Big, satisfying slices, with good quality cheese, the right quantity of sauce, and plentiful toppings. The pepperoni was meaty and delicious, and the mushrooms were great, if chopped a little small. 

Sure, it's a bit of a gimmick, but it's fun. Check it out. If you can find it. :)
Taking a class all-day on Saturdays, to put it bluntly, sucks. As a result, I enjoy treating myself lunch every week. My classmates and I decided to go to Yitz's today as I HAD many fond memories of coming here with my grandfather and listening to his same stories a trillion times. 

We had forty-five minutes to eat lunch, which SHOULD have been ample amount of time.

Well...  all of us mostly ordered matzah ball soup and\/or smoked meat sandwiches. Both these things do not take long to make and are perfect selections for people in a hurry... so we thought. The service was extremely slow in spite of us informing the staff ahead of time that we only had 45-minutes.

Prices are quite high considering the amount and quality of food you get. I ordered the matzah ball soup and cabbage roll .... the matzah ball soup was mediocre and pretty small considering it's almost five bucks. The cabbage roll was almost seven dollars and the cabbage was burnt.

I'm sure there's a chapter covering this in the textbook for hospitality school, but... we had to move seats and then had to sit in an awkward area with about 10 little kids running around. The lunch was not relaxing to say the least. 

There are so many amazing delis in places like New York and Montreal; it's a shame that the "authentic one" in Toronto is Yitz's.
I love Lush products. The employees at this store tho  are so awful and rude and snobby. One told me I had bad taste in bath bombs. Excuse me?? Ya, hate this location. Will shop online for my purchases before going back.
I went there for the first time today. My sister referred me because she bought a package there. I went in and had an adjustment today for $19 and I feel so much better. They did recommend that I come back for five or six different treatments. So, I'm not sure I need that but I have to say it was clean I like the doctor the receptionist was friendly and I will go back
What is the NoDa Bodega?  It's one of Charlotte's hidden gems!

The sandwiches are all freshly handcrafted and they are so so yummy!  I usually walk in with something in mind, but I'm always drawn in by the daily specials.  They are so unique and an I am never disappointed!  

They have a variety of ships and sundries to choose from, local beers on tap and in the bottle\/can, ample seating, a bar, TV, WiFi, etc.

The old location was in an old house and was rather quaint with the decor of a quirky coffeehouse.  The new location isn't the least bit ostentatious, but once inside you'll see the space works well for them and has given them the ability to spread out and offer more seating.  It also offers better access from a main road and has a private parking lot.  It is a bit further away from the area most people know as NoDa, but it's really only a few blocks further away.

The daily special can be found on their Facebook page.  Be sure to check it out.  It has become one of my Charlotte favs for sure!  In fact, I think I just decided where I'll be heading for lunch today!
Bon appetit! This is an adorably decorated French cafe with services as friendly as your average Canadian and food as amazing as Paris.

Upon entering, you're greeted in French by waitresses with a friendly smile on their faces. The chairs are a little small and probably won't fit an average Kardashian bum and the tables are quite small as well. The restaurant is tight, but cozy and there is a constant stream of people popping in and out.

Since it was our first time, we were served a sample of minty lemonade which was very refreshing on a hot summer day. This complements the savory salmon and cream cheese crêpes I ordered perfectly.

The crêpes are freshly made, piping hot, and boast of ingredients filled to the brim with creamy cheese and salmon. The food was so well made that I wasn't even angry about not being full afterwards. 

I ordered the Nutella and banana crêpes as a dessert and again, it was out of this world. The warm Nutella and the ripe banana complements the hot and fluffy crêpe perfectly.

I am so happy with this place and very satisfy with everything from the quaint decor to the meal and the service.
The info for store hours is not correct.
M-Sa: close at 9 pm
Su: closed at 8 pm
the bed was loverly, nice sheets, comfy to hop around on. the tv was old school clunky and had terrible basic basic cable.  the view was of the hooters hotel and some of the airport. the towels were LINTY. but i did enjoy their soap and lotion line. room service was impeccable and i did enjoy having my dirty sheets remade daily.
Overall, a really great aquarium, but definitely not as good as Shedd in Chicago.

This just opened, so the facility is well-designed and clean. It was very, very busy on a Sunday afternoon though. There are tanks as you walk in that hang from the ceiling! The other 2 must-see displays are the carousel (I'll let you figure that one out on your own) and the bathrooms, believe it or not. My next two favorites were the clown fish and the jellyfish. 

We got the combo pass for the butterfly exhibit and this, and it was pricey at a little over $50 per person. Honestly though, I really do think it was worth the money. We ended up spending nearly 5 hours here, and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Both places are very family friendly, although I think the aquarium may be more so. 

Definitely worth it, but maybe come when it's not super busy.
I've been to Serendipity several times during my various trips to Vegas. Its a great casual restaurant located right on the strip. It has a cute little whimsical vibe that simply makes me happy every time I come here. 

Serendipity is known for desserts, including frozen hot chocolate and the $1,000 golden opulence sundae. (Yes, $1,000... don't think I'll ever try that one unless I hit it big in the casino.) The frozen hot chocolate is very rich and tasty, and definitely a good thing to try while in the hot desert. During my most recent trip, my husband and I spilt the cookie sundae. The two of us together couldn't even finish it! Cookie dough ice cream mixed with three fresh baked cookies and topped with whipped cream and hot fudge... yum!

All of the food I've ever had here has been pretty solid as well. The triple decker grilled cheese is my favorite. It's so flippin' cheesy and gooey! I love it! The portions are all very large and can easily be split between two... especially if you're planning on dessert. 

I always look forward to my next trip to Vegas, and Serendipity has become one of those staples for me that make the trip so great and fun.
Somebody please enlighten me about what I'm missing!

Live close to here so noticed it when it first opened. Didn't go right away, but kept seeing awesome reviews so we decided to try it out. 

We arrived about 10 minutes after they opened for lunch on a Saturday, already 3 tables seated so we thought to ourselves, this is going to be awesome!  

First of all, the club music was so loud, I couldn't hear the hubs sitting across from me. Easy fix, asked the server to turn the music down. Much better. 

We ordered:
-Edamame - this was delicious, fresh edamame with nice truffle flavor. Not worth the price though...
-Firecracker shrimp - this was pretty good, but I'd rather spend $6 at bonefish grill's bang bang Wednesdays and get a heaping mound of it. Wasn't "wow"
-Lotus chip tuna - similar to the tostadas at Soho. I really liked the lotus chip, but felt the tuna was lacking (both in portion and in taste\/freshness)
-All 3 tacos - this is when things started to go south. The first one I tried was the tuna, and the only thing I could think of was "wow, this tastes like that powdery Mexican spice you get from a packet with some mush in the middle" The Mexican spice was so overwhelming that I couldn't taste the tuna at all. The second one was the beef and I thought "hmmm, Mexican spice taco shell with Korean bugolgi". The salmon was the best (nice freshness of fish\/avo\/sauce), although still too much Mexican spice on the taco.
-Bone marrow - I think these came from a starving cow. Very little marrow, too much crap on top, and greasy tortilla chips on the side. Why would you need salts\/spices on the plate if the marrow itself is already seasoned? (if you want to try an amazing bone marrow for less the price and more portion-wise, try Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris)
-Scallop - too much sauce, couldn't get the scallop. Scallop wasn't quite seared enough on the outside so tasted too mushy.
-Foie gras - ehhh, have had better. Sauce tasted burnt.
-Banana dessert - pretty good, nice caramelization on the outside.
-Green tea creme brulee - you know those crunchy strips of noodles you get at a Chinese buffet to dip in the bright red sweet\/sour sauce? The crème brulee was topped with something that reminded me a lot of that (besides, if there is good caramelization on the brulee, why would you need noodle strips?)  It also tasted way tooo burnt, like I was spooning burnt custard in my mouth. 

I think we got something else, but neither one of us can remember what it was...  I guess it just wasn't memorable enough.  On the plus side, service was awesome and the plating is beautiful. Prices are a little steep for what the food is. Don't get me wrong, we don't mind paying for good food. But this just wasn't it. They also need to figure out that a Mexican spiced taco shell plus some salmon poke does not fusion make. 

I really like to see little businesses succeed and I hope they do, but unfortunately, I cannot recommend this place to anyone nor will we be back.
Last 3 times we had ordered from Italian Village, the pizza has been sticky and not cooked. My husband got sick in the stomach for 2 days last time we ordered a pepperoni Pizza. The pepperoni was very spicy, the Pizza wasn't cooked enough and it looked like the dough was old. That was the last time we ordered from Italian Village. Someone recommend  me "La casa del sole" in Aspinwall. We now order from "La Casa del sole", it is less expensive and very very good.
Loved the cleanliness, spaciousness in the rooms & comfortable bed.  Hated the gondola ride.  We stayed inside & it was $75 for a 15 minute ride for 2 which was insultingly overpriced.  for the value it should have been free.  

Drinks ($16 for bloody mary by pool) expensive - even for Vegas!  Prices in the Canyon Ranch spa were 3x what I pay back home.

Hubby was VERY disappointed with sports book - it doesn't compare to the other hotels.  You're meant to be dining if you go there.

Almost missed the warning that "free" wi fi only  lasted for the first 24 hours.  If you even touch anything in the mini bar you get charged so be aware.
My fiance and I recently had the privilege to have an engagement photo shoot with Lexi. What a fabulous experience! She was so easy to work with throughout the entire process from setting up a meeting time all the way to receiving the images. My fiance and I can both be on the shy side, but she was so warm, laid-back, and professional that we never felt awkward or uncomfortable for even one second during the shoot. In fact, we had lots of laughs and ended up really enjoying ourselves! And that happiness was reflected in the beautiful images Lexi captured. Let me elaborate on 'beautiful'...We were so floored by the stunning, ethereal, and elegant results of our pictures that we absolutely knew we made the right decision in hiring Lexi. We HIGHLY recommend her!
I've been to this restaurant a few times. Its a pricey restaurant but the food is not that great. I got the chicken and it wasn't cooked properly. The meat was a bit raw. My sister also got the Gnocci and it was OK. The safest bet is to get a burger. The environment is good so as the service. But remember if you want to sit outside make sure you go to the second floor as the first floor (patio) has a different and smaller menus and funny enough they don't bring foods from the regular menus to the first floor. Basically you cannot order from the regular menu if you are sitting on the first floor patio.
Always delicious and the best ice cream in Cleveland!  Unique, delicious flavors utilizing fresh, local ingredients.
Santa Fe, New Mexico has raised our expectations when it comes to Food.
Tiger Shrimp tamale : bland and salty
New Mexico rubbed chipotle pork: Ham flavored and lacking sauce
Lamb chops: Very flavorful .
Second or return visit. No!!
Service was top notch.
DO NOT TAKE ANY PETS THERE.  Brought our dog on a Saturday and they ran a bunch of test and said they would call. Called them the next day and they said everything was fine. Took dog back in on Monday and dog was very ill. They looked at the results and apologized for not reading them sooner and sent us to pet hospital.  By the time we got there it was to late. For the sake of your pets life. Please don't take them there unless you want to know the heart ache and grief of losing a loved one.. It's even funny the post how they want to help here and never contact you so it looks like they care.  THEY ARE VERY NEGLIGENT AND SHOULDN'T BE ALLOWED TO PRACTICE MEDICINE ON YOUR LOVED ONES.
Try this place now! If you are in the south part of Vegas south of the 215, this is a great place to stop and try.  We drove out here to try it out from Henderson and it was totally worth it. As usual, I read reviews before trying this place out \/ driving 15 miles and the reviews of Rod U, Lawrence C and Jennifer D caused me to be quite ready for this evening's quest.

a. Normally - I am normally getting Tonkatsu or Chicken Katsu from a place like L and L Hawaiian.  Oddly, there was an L and L a few blocks away from this place.  While I find it extremely convenient to get it from L and L, I also know it is like me getting chow mein or fried rice at Panda.  Edible, comforting, but just not the same.  Here at TK, this is the real deal in Tonkatsu.

b.  Ahhh Curry - There are a few pleasures in foodie life and Japanese Curry is one of them. I love all types of curry, = Thai, Indian, Chinese, Japanese.  From the hottest to the mildest.  However, I find that the Japanese Curry like what they have here is simply the best. If you like mild curry over rice with carrots and potatoes, this is it.

c.  Miso Soup - I pretty much always have miso paste at home and make plenty of variations of miso soup from hearty vegetables soup to your basic miso.  I consider myself a Miso fan and the miso here is pretty darn good. Finished mine and most of my wives.  Yep, and I slurped it all without using a spoon.  Just slurped away and used the chopsticks.  Now, while I am not Japanese, I find that eating the soup like they do in Japan, by putting your mouth to the bowl and drinking, using the chopsticks for the bits you cannot swaggle down is a great way to enjoy the soup. Here the soup was just right. Be sure to chuggle it down while it is hot. I also keep getting spell check warnings here, so I am sure swaggle and chuggle are not words but that is what comes to mind with this Miso Soup.

d.  The TK Sauce - What am I to do with the sesame seed and the tonkatsu sauce, mortar and pestle?  See, I have been trained to eat tonkatsu at L and L and am used to having the sauce in a little plastic takeaway thingamajig.  Here you get to pour out a good spoonful or so of sesame seed, and use the pestle to grind down the seeds to mix it with the sauce.  That was fun and since I did not have a clue, I had to ask the waitress how on rudimentary tonkatsu sauce preparation.  I am so glad I did, i love learning about foods and processes and tradition. And, this was FUN!

e.  What to order - I was totally befuddled in what to order. While my wife ordered the "Hire" tonkatsu, I was stuck between the Hire,, the Ebi and the Curry. Reading the reviews and all, I wanted to try them all.  So, I asked the waitress, what to do what to do.  See, there relatively small but perfect menu did not have this combo on it.  So she said, order the Hire, Ebi, Curry combo.  Yep, they said they could put that together no problem!  That was cool.

Hire Katsu - Plenty big portion and very tender and crispy, light and delicate.  I really enjoyed it, okay, compared to my norm and limited experience.

Miso Soup, Shaved Cabbage, Scallion and a sauce for the cabbage round out this dish. All was just right. I could have ate a bunch more of the pickled scallion, Rakkyo, they give you.

Curry - The plate was in a yin yang fashion with Japanese rice on the yin and the curry on the yang.  Then, a bit of Hire Katsu and Ebi Katsu on the rice.  If you are ancient like I am, it was like that old tootsie pop commercial where the kid is trying to find out how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop.  (See this youtube if you are too young).  Anyhoo,  I was pretty darn anxious to get to the curry and rice so I am not sure but I did a David Copperfield on the Ebi and Hire Katsu and they disappeared quickly. Then I got to the curry and rice.  I have not been eating white rice for a long time and here I made an exception because this was like the best ono thing to do!

Hot Tea - I ordered hot tea and got an ever filling cup of ocha, that was pretty darn good.  Could have been a bit hotter, but it was full of flavor.

f.  How about that service - Now, the last place I was at, was Bachi Burger for the wifey's birthday and well, the service from the maitre'd, shift manager and server was absolutely horrendous, I can tell you that the service here is the exact opposite!  WE have very attentive service, from the host, the waitress, to the big guy checking on us.  I mean, I felt like I was at a five star dining service or flying first class on Singapore Airlines.  It was just right. 

In the end, we were so happy with the food, the service, the experience, we actually ordered two more dishes for take out. We are thinking about sharing this with the kids who were out with friends while we were basking in the glories of tonkatsu delight.

Three - That is how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop!
My favorite sushi place, love the atmosphere. The set up is kinda cosy but the tables are arranged in a way where you are able to move around and not feel so claustrophobic. It's always busy but the wait isn't so bad.  I love the variety, the apps, and the dessert. Sorry not do specific.  The wait staff are friendly too. The alcohol choices are good, I'm classic, so I stick to the standard warm sake. Sorry no pics, go there and take some.
OMG, I love this place.  I've been here over a dozen times and have never had a bad meal.  The pupusas are the absolute best (range from $2.10 - $2.50 each).  Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, and they come piping hot.  You can hear them slapping the dough in the kitchen when you order them - so you know they are made fresh to order.  My favourite are the chicken and cheese ones.  I have to admit that I usually just gorge on pupusas but I have ordered other things here as well:

Chicken Tamales - $2.30: Good, but nothing remarkable (I'd rather have the pupusas).  

Campo Combination Plate (chicken taco, chicken enchilada, rice, beans and salad) - $12.50: Very tasty with lots of chicken.  The salad is iceberg\/romaine though, not real mixed greens.  

Calamari - $7.75: Tender calamari rings fried to perfection.  Not rubbery or chewy at all.  One of the best places for calamari.     

Seafood Paella - $18.25: Lots of seafood: calamari rings, shrimp, fish and mussels.  Calamari rings were so tender, shrimp were large and tasty, fish tasted fresh and didn't smell fishy, mussels were a good size and delicious.  The only slightly negative thing was that the rice was a little on the dry side, but it still tasted really good.

This place is on a little side street in Little Italy and looks like nothing much from the outside.  It's a mom and pop joint with tasty authentic food.  Most of the customers are Spanish-speaking and many people come for takeout.  Prices are good and portions are generous.  Service is polite and competent.  

If you love pupusas and are in Montreal you have to check this place out!
Quality haircut and low prices.  ESPN is always on and plenty of good reading material.  Free water and\/or soda.  Nice loyalty program (averages to a few bucks off over the duration of multiple cuts).
Great service and food-My wife likes the thin crust, give me the Cheef!
The restaurant was a surprise. The food was really good and the place was fine. The Veal Piccata was excellent but the portion was small. Maybe because it was so rich. Highly recommended.
Clean and neat with a friendly staff.  I have to agree with the other review that says the selection is pretty sparse though -- what shop like this DOESN'T have a shemale section?

If you're new to Madtown and think to look for ANY excitement (even self-inflicted) in the video booth section, you will be sorely disappointed.  The uber-friendly staff will ask you to leave.

This place would be better -- and I'm sure they would make more money -- if they got rid of the video booths completely and filled the place with a deeper variety of toys and quality smut.
It is nice place close to the strip , nice service and good flavor hookah I been there twice it is my favorite . I like the decoration is awesome and the friendly host. The music is nice with big flat screen and the seats are comfortable. The variety of hookah flavor and they but cold water with ice I'm it that make a lot of difference if you taste and I recommend the cherry flavor. I strong recommend this place for quote Tate  of hookah. 
Of you do not have a ride do not worry as the hard rock is just 5 min walking across the street so plenty of taxi there take you back to your hotel.
This place was DELICIOUS!!!

A mom friend and I stopped here after a stroller-fit workout to grab a bite and ruin the hour of squats we did. Let me tell you it was worth it!

My friend ordered the parsnip soup and lamb burger while I decided on the smoked salmon and dill creme fraiche over the pulled pork. WHY I do this to myself I'll never understand. Salmon vs Pork??? PORK WINS!

But the salmon was pretty tasty - but I'm not going to lie I suffered from some serious food regret. 

We also had some freshly made juice which I want to say was pear and ginger...but I really can't remember - it was good either way. 

Plus bonus to moms - they have a nice spot on the patio where you can pull up your strollers. Even my mom friend's gigantic jogging stroller fit nicely alongside mine and the server was still able to get around us, and didn't get weirded out once we had to breastfeed. Although he did advert his eyes and stumble over the steps which I thought was pretty funny. 

Anyway - this is a fantastic addition to Liberty Village and I only wish they had opened up while I was still working in the area.
I found it to be very mediocre and lacking in flavor which seems like an oxymoron for mexican food. I was riding by on my bike and was actually more intrigued by the $2 Modelo beer special and figured I would try the food, disappointing. Plenty of places in the area for cheap beer, just saying.
Went here on Monday night, had one of the worst experiences dining out I have ever had, four of us. Went without a reservation, sat at the bar no problem ot took a good 30 mins to even get service. Ordered two draughts a bottle of beer and a coke. Another 15 mins or so and our waitress come back with a single bottle of beer no explanation and walks off. We grabbed her on the way by and asked where the draughts were and the coke and bottle of beer she said "Oh we're out of draught and have been all night" then we finally got the rest of our drinks like 10 mins later. We order all of our food comes out separately at different times and the wrong dishes come out a couple of times. There is also the issue of having food allergy and ordering my food without avocado, surprise it still had avocado. This was the worst dining experience I've had in Toronto. This was the 2nd and last time we will go there. They are overpriced surly and lazy. No explanations as to the horrible experience and nothing was done to rectify the situation when we brought it to the attn of the host. Create a nice memory and eat out of a dumpster instead.
I been here last Friday  the food really nice ,I think that's best Taiwanese  restaurant in montreal beef noodle and rice really nice I love it, also boss nice guy however I give five star
I love Ticoz for an after-work or evening hangout. 

The food that I've nibbled on was decent, but their mojitos are what bring me back time and time again. Blood orange, pineapple, lychee, passion fruit....oh god, I love them all! 

The service here is great and I've never had a bad experience. I love sitting in the bar area...such a fun vibe. 

I will definitely have to head on over again soon to finally test out an actual meal. Who wants food after work when you can have drinks anyway???
WOW. Best meal of my life.  

For being located in a mall this place very nice.  We had a very good bottle of red wine that paired well with the bone-in ribeye and lamb of rack.  Speaking of the ribeye was humongous and melted like butter.  The rack of lamb is actually 2 racks which the waiter kindly had the chef slice for me so I didn't have to feel like I was performing surgery in the middle of my date. This had to be the best lamb I've ever had.

The food was soo good that we made a special trip back to the aria before seeing Ka at the MGM.  (PS my feet paid the price)
They seem nice at first, grab your shoe size and put it at the front of the register. Check to see both shoe sizes for you. They do this so you don't notice the poor quality shoes they are trying to sell you. There is a reason behind the "no return policy". If you notice all the shoes are wrapped in plastic. They say it's so the display shoe doesn't get dirty. And that's what you will think when you first go in there.The real reason why these shoes are wrapped is so you don't notice the minor imperfections of a fake shoe, with plastic covering the shoe you can't see the inner serial number (which is glued in crooked with yellow glue) instead of white and stitched in perfectly. I found out I purchased fakes when I bought them for a gift for my brother and he said they felt weird and questioned the quality. I then went to champs which is a authorized Nike Retailer and they pointed out all the flaws of the shoe and verified that they were not authentic. I tried returning them and they declined. Just avoid this place at all cost. They claim their shoes are real, and sell them for full price. They may have some real ones that are not wrapped in plastic (about 5 pairs of shoes) and I checked and those actually look like they might look real, although I'm no expert I had to go to another store to find out I bought fakes. Like I said do your self a favor and just go to footlocker, champs , foot action. You know, a legit place. I only went here cause I was tired from Christmas shopping at the mall and I remember I bought converse from here before and needed new converse and decided to get some Christmas shopping done without going to the mall again. BIG MISTAKE. I learned my lesson.
Beautiful  Exotic Women. Friendly Staff. Open Daily. Great Drink Specials. Nice Club.
Price increase? That is a complete joke! Stay away from this race. $10 to park, lame after party, no water stations, finish line was a complete joke when you have everyone standing in front of it! No water or snacks at the end. Oh wait a minute! YOu could buy french fries and cheeseburgers. $ 4.00 waters, $9.00 crap beer!! Oh and not to mention getting sprayed by pink spray paint that didnt even glow!! There wer NO black lights!! They over promised and under delivered!!! By the way there was NO FREE BEER!! LIES LIES LIES!!! PHX run was horrible and disorganized!
One horrible order i had ever made! Lady who took my order is mean and terrify me with her rudeness. At least be nice and take the dam order but why have to be so mean! I was nice the whole way through but i never seen a terrible service like this. Terrible and horrifying place to order food!!! Rate :(0) if i could . She ruined my day.
Went here with my girlfriend for a dinner on a Saturday. We usually go to the Coventry location (I am assuming these two restaurants are affiliated since the name and font match, but I could be wrong). The menu is slimmed down from what the Coventry location offers, but I honestly felt that made it less overwhelming. The food was okay - good, but not anything spectacular compared to other Japanese restaurants we've visited. I definitely enjoyed the mochi ice cream and my girlfriend loved the fried ice cream.

If you like shrimp, what they offer is plenty, delicious, and a decent price. The ambiance was nice but a little loud and at times we couldn't flag down our server to save our lives. We probably would visit again if in the area and craving Japanese food, but we wouldn't plan on going here specifically for a night out.
Loved the place, it is an authentic Greek restaurant, went on a Monday lunch and I felt that it should be busier because it's really good and the price is right. The rice is Awesome! We had to order extra to go. Got the lamb kebab and the shawarma and we loved it. Coming back for sure
I have been here a number of times and have enjoyed wing night.  My son and husband came pretty regular.  First night I got a garlic Parm boneless wings,  and they were really good.  The next time,  they were OK,  but not consistent with my first experience..  Nor has any experience after that.  We had sworn off wing night.  Tonight I convinced the family to try one more time,  and I was very disappointed.  I ordered the garlic parm boneless again,  and I received a basket of breaded wings,  and on the bottom of the tray was a puddle of flavorless greasy butter with some a sprinkle of parm cheese.  Blah.  My husband got the  BBQ which used to be saucy with a smokey tang.  Not today,  very little bbq sauce with dry spots. I dealt with it thinking this is truly the last time we are coming.  My son ordered French onion soup which he did enjoy.  At the end of our meal,  my son asked for a piece of Banana foster cheese cake.  We were made aware they have a new owner and that was no longer available but they had a brownie dessert.  He was satisfied with that.  The wait staff is always great..  Food was just disappointing and we will truly not be back.  Unsure if it has to do withbth  new owner,  if they are having issues with the  cook,  or what the deal is...  I gave them another shot and convinced my family to as well,  and I was wrong... If I was able to just rate the service,  I would have rated them a five..
I was in a couple of weeks ago for an oil change. I didn't call ahead and make an appt so I took my chances being a walk-in. I was promptly greeted by a service tech in the parking lot.. (I accidentally spilled my smoothie all over the seat getting out and the tech brought me napkins to help me clean it up.. so nice!!).. anyways the front desk girl was super friendly and nice. I waited maybe 35 min and my oil change was complete! In and out, friendly staff, quick services!! This is my new neighborhood go to spot for oil changes that's for sure! Thank you!
Been enjoying this place for years!  I am not sure if i should review today's experience or combine my overall opinion.

Today there was a VERY long wait for our food.  This is not typical so I am not going to give less than 4 stars.
I LOVE the shaved ice. It's finely shaved ice and not the kind that you have to chew through. My ultimate favorite is the passion fruit. I usually get it with the ice cream (they put it in the bottom of your cup) and the "tropic creme" which they drizzle on top. They have a HUGE selection of flavors, from birthday cake to pickle juice. You can ask for samples!

They have a bright interior with plenty of sunlight. Board games are located on the little refrigerator next to the seats. They will also cater and they apparently sell snowballs for playing with.

If you're in need of a refreshment in the summer heat, come check it out! Ask for a stamp card and get a free shaved ice after your tenth. Check-in with yelp and you can get a free upsize!
Viktoria & Melissa are awesome! They have done thee best to improve my credit and I appreciate the immediate attention and service they have to offer! Very professional, easy to talk to and most of all, very prompt in answering any questions you may have. I have so much to thank them for their hard work and they really will work with you in every way possible to help you achieve your goals!
Worst customer service I have experienced in a long time. Apparently business must be pretty good, where they don't want to waste their time helping you purchase the correct items for your project. 

No big deal for me, there are other local places to buy air bag parts and line. 

Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else, so you don't waste your time like I did.
Great food!  Ordered the calamari appetizer and salmon pesto pasta.  Very delicious food and great portions!

Our server was also amazing!  Quick and delicious drinks!
BOOGEE to the MAX!

i love this place, best gelato spot in Vegas.

Not only is the gelato delicious, theres a dude that entertains you right across from the station. he just stands there and ppl throw money as him.

Pretty much sampled a variety of flavors like a fat ass, but absoloutely love the creme bruele! (sorry for the spelling)

it's must when visiting vegas.
The fat fuck in with a security shirt and glasses  cherry pick who come in. am from new York never been profiled before I came here. management needs to look into this issue before they found themselves with a lawsuit. Zero stars don't waste your money on time here.
Enfin un bar à cocktail digne de ce nom sur Montréal !

Le bar est immense, la sélection des bouteilles est top, le service est impeccable, la tenue des barmans est soignée.

La carte des cocktails est très complète, les cocktails sont variés, y'en a pour tous les goûts ! Et même pour toutes les bourses, avec les premiers cocktails décrits qui sont en HH (non pas Heil Hitler, Happy Hour ! pourriture fasciste).

Et c'est sur ces premiers cocktails, que je vous conseille vivement le Tic&Tac Sour ! Whisky et liqueur de noisette façon sour, un régal, très bien balancé, top !
La petite marguerite est aussi très sympa dans les cocktails à petit prix.

Sinon dans la collection Tiki, le Pain Killer est bien réussi. à conseiller donc.

Bien dommage que ce bar soit excentré, car pour moi, il reste la référence pour les bars à cocktails de Montréal, un exemple à suivre.
Slow service, limit of one dessert per person, subpar rolls and nigiri fish to rice ratio is ALL rice, no actual Japanese people anywhere to be seen (customers nor staff). Should've gone to Sushimon or Sushi on Rainbow.  This place sucks!
Coming from a city who has some of the best ice cream in the country (aka Jeni's), I have high standards when it comes to this cool treat. When I heard about Paletas Betty I knew I had to try it, as the flavors and concept reminded me a lot of Jeni's. While at the Chandler farmer's market last week, they had a stand there and I couldn't pass down the opportunity to taste one...even if it was right before going to dinner!

They only had 4 options at their cart that day, but I went with the calabaza (creamy pumpkin pie) because I'm a sucker for anything pumpkin. It was absolutely delicious and refreshing on the hot day it was. Nice and creamy, with the perfect amount of pumpkin flavor that wasn't overpowering. They offer a lot of other unique flavors that I can't wait to go back and taste...this might be added to the "must go" list when I'm in town!
As an update: I received an apology and explanation for the quality of my meal from someone at the Butler's Pantry. Truth be told, the menu clearly states that hash browns are served with their eggs benedict as opposed to home fries, as I mistakenly stated. 
Though I certainly appreciate what I believe is honest concern about my experience as a customer from the management, the fact remains that NO cook worth their salt could possibly have been proud of serving frozen hash brown patties and bland eggs benedict. An A for service; an F for food.
One of the top seafood restaurants in Vegas.   A pantheon for the seafood of the Mediterranean.  Outstanding freshness.  Impeccable quality.  Nosebleed prices.  Oh and it's Greek.

Let's get this out of the way; quality comes at a price.  Seafood is incredibly well sourced and air flown daily.  Only one restaurant in Vegas offers fresher seafood but come on, they fly it in live and keep it alive in tanks until "needed".  Don't be shocked by the $80-$90\/lb for fish of the $30+ for a single shrimp.

Secret 1:  Go for lunch.  $29 \/ 3 courses.  The grilled Mediterranean sea beam is outstanding.  Moist, tender flesh, mild fish flavor that comes to life with the zesty, peppery olive oil.   Lobster lovers, pay the $20 supplement for a fantastic lobster pasta (tail, claw and knuckle meat of a whole lobster atop a bed of pasta sauced in a bright, sweet, acidic tomato sauce and\/or the up charge for the phenomenal char grilled octopus.  Aggressively seasoned, very tender, finished with a generous drizzle of peppery Greek olive oil and sun ripened lemon.

Secret 2:  Want to try their best starter?  Go for Social Hour (Sun - Thurs 17:00-19:00).  The incredible Milos special with its lightly dusted, deep fried, crisp zucchini and eggplant with a tangy taziki for dipping and deeep fried Kefalograviera cheese cubes is half price.  $16 instead of $32.

Tip:  During seasonably agreeable weather, request an outdoor table.  

Dinner never fails to impress.  Aside from the octopus and Milos special described above, the Greek bottarga is outstanding.  The cured Grey Mullet roe has a gentle texture and not excessive, concentrated seafood flavor.  Lots of umami in its finish.  Hawaii yeeps, think dried cuttlefish flavor.

The fresh fish.  Good selection of Mediterranean species (varies daily) solid by the pound.  Take a trip to the display and choose your fish.   Ask your server for recommendations on cooking method.  Some are best, grilled and dressed in olive oil, others great salt crusted (get this is possible).  The fish is essentially steamed within the salt crust giving it a firmer texture while retaining its moisture and concentrating its flavor.

Finally, do try the Carabinieros.  The deep water jumbo red shrimp of Spain.  Firm texture.  Incredibly sweet flesh.  The large, heads filled with luscious, creamy head fat, ahhhh.  A shot of sherry accompanies each to wash out every drop of goodness.  

Outstanding list of Greek wines including beautiful roses for that light lunch to full bodies whites and brooding reds.  They pair beautifully with the dishes.

Very good, knowledgeable service.

Visit after visit Milos continues to impress.  Highly recommended.
So I absolutely LOVE F&E! I was beyond ecstatic to move from AZ to Cali and have a location down the street from me. With news of this fabulous chain closing all stores in the US I was devastated. But thank my lucky stars they were recently bought out and are staying in the US. I have yet to be to any location of F&E and have a bad experience. They have the most amazing customer service, I swear its a requirement of all locations to have a top-notch crew working in their stores! I can go on and on about how awesome the customer service is but the best part of this amazing market is the awesome deals. They always the the freshest produce and the lowest prices in town! You can beat the 98 cent produce section. Yes you heard right they have packages of fruit, veggies and other awesome select foods for only 98cents!! Another reason I love F&E is the clearance section! When food throughout the store is getting close to the sell date on the packages the F&E staff reduces the price to almost more than half if not 70-80% off some products. This is the place to go if you are planning on having a large BBQ or small family dinner. I have found steaks for only 5$ and they were HUGE! They also have awesome deals on beer and wine (often have a buy one get one for 1cent on wine). This is my favorite market hands down! You cant beat the awesome deals and customer service!! Oh and they also give back to the community so this is another reason I choose the Amazing Fresh and Easy!

Just  little side note.... If this review is ever seen by the owners of Fresh and Easy  I have one piece of advice for you... REDBOX REDBOX REDBOX! if you guys were able to get a contract with red box you would be a golden child!!! I swear that you would up your sales greatly because your customers would have everything they need all in one place, they only time I don't come to your store and choose a different market is because I want to grab a quick movie at redbox; therefore I take my business elsewhere where I can get all I need at one location (which send pains down my spine because I love giving you my business) I know many of your loyal customers agree with me on this. :)  

Love you fresh and easy! Keep up the awesome work!
What a great addition to University City.  Contemporary atmosphere.  Excellent food  and drinks.  The pork sandwich on challah bread was delicious.  The spring rolls were great.  The drinks and desserts are innovative.  This particular part of town does have steep competition with L'albatross and Washington Bistro nearby.
Incredible! From the drink GET SEXY BACK to the appetizers to the dinner, this place is amazing!  Alvin the manager was so accommodating and our waiter, they didn't miss a beat. Food was outstanding and the service was impeccable. A must and we will be back
I would highly recommend this place for happy hour, as the food was delicious, the service was exemplary, and the atmosphere was relaxed! We had two bottles of wine and two appetizers and walked away totally satisfied! I am sure the rest of the menu is just as good, as it was packed when we left!
I've been doing CrossFit for 2.5 years and this is the third box I've been a member with. The owners (Ben and Sean) of this box are REAL, amazing people, friendly, and personal.  

Ben and Sean REALLY care about form, technique and safety. Safety is their number one priority, which is EXTREMELY important. You will not always find trainers that pay attention to your form the way they should. That was ONE of the things I loved about these two when I first started.

Everyone who attends this box is very friendly and it's a wonderful growing community. 

The workouts are AMAZING...kicks my butt every time. The energy is great and I'm SO incredibly happy with this CrossFit.

Last thing: They don't charge you and arm and a leg like most CrossFit gyms. Their prices are unbeatable!!!
This place was relatively dirtier but used to be a better place to play.  It used to offer 100x odds on craps.  Now they don't, but they do still have $3 minimum bets and a single deck blackjack table.

Correction : They do have those machine craps that offer 5x odds and $2 minimum.  Probably the best on the strip.

Now without the crapless craps and 100x odds, I have no reason to recommend this place.  I think people would rather play in a nice upscale casino where the drinks are brought over often and the serious players would go elsewhere.

It's just a dirty looking place.  Even when you win, you are in this dark purple cave and don't know what you're walking on.

Tonight, I overheard someone at the bar saying how some guy customer was biting her.  I also saw a worker\/security yelling at a girl to get the F*** out! (I'd assume was a prostitute soliciting?).

It's a matter of time before somebody buys this place out and builds something that matches the strip.
I used to go here all the time. Good quick simple and cheap Mexican food. Then I saw their health inspection report online. If they thought about their customers they would be more diligent about sanitation.
We went here twice in 2 days as a group of 5 while visiting Vegas, for lunch and dinner, so we got to try quite a few dishes. They were all very well cooked and the portions were larger than we could handle, all at a surprisingly low price. The service was quick and flawless, and we were waited on by a very kind lady who was part of the family that owned and operated the restaurant. Overall, we had a great experience and we would definitely go back.
Decided to hit the drive-through here just a couple nights ago. Never got a chance to leave a review till now. But I was honestly truly impressed. As far as it being so late and it's fast food does the customer service was exceptional. The young man helping me, I wish I would've got his name, really knew what it meant to perform great customer service. Made my night and it was much appreciated.
I had a Groupon discount coupon so when my brother and sister-in-law were visiting this weekend we all went for dinner Saturday night.  Service was attentive and our waitress Kelly was absolutely wonderful.  During the day my brother and I were reminiscing and talking about an Italian restaurant that we used to go to back in New York where we would order hot antipasto and there it was on the menu at Mezzo.  Of course we had to order it and it was fantastic.  The sauce was so fabulous that we keep mopping it us with the delicious rosemary bread that they kept bringing us.  My sister-in-law wound up eating what was left with a spoon.  They have a blackboard with daily specials and my SIL asked about the ingredients in the soup because of her dietary restrictions and Kelly told us that the chef actually checked all the ingredients in their recipe which did have something she could not eat.  My brother had one of the specials steak pizzaoila, my SIL had blackened salmon, I had the riggies, and my husband had chicken parmigiana and they were all delicious.  The portions are so large we all took some home.
We came here on a whim as the GF was starving after trying to find a place to eat in the distillery neighborhood. She was craving steak and it was her B-day so who am i to argue.

So after a bit of skepticism, the barkeep said the steak would be great, So the NY Strip was ordered.  Well it was cooked a perfect medium rare.  The  cooked spinach side  was fantastic, just that right blend of olive oil, garlic and salt.  
The barkeep  was right.  Nice steak!
I prefer sprouts for fruits and veggies, but overall this Fry's location is always very very clean and the employees are friendly. If I'm getting anything other than produce, this is where I go. This location is much cleaner and nicer than the bell rd location. I always go to this one even though it's a little further for me.
Initially came here to try the mini donuts, but found ourselves focusing our attention on their drinks menu. Many creative and customization options if you can't decide on what to order or have something specific in mind. Gotta say that I was impressed with the "frozen hot chocolate." I like the fact they used frappe powder and a chocolate syrup. I opted for just the powder as I don't like overly-sweet drinks. The wifey ordered a blended chai tea, which had a nice and smooth spiciness to it. Was so impressed with our drinks, we forgot to order donuts. If we lived in the area, this would be our go to place for coffee!
I want to really love  this place, but I just can't. I have given them 3 times to impress me and they have failed each time. This last time I ordered a unicorn cake for my daughters birthday and it was beautiful looking but the cake absolutely had no flavor. So if you are looking for something that looks great but don't care about flavor, this is your place.
Came here for lunch, looking off the popcorn chicken over rice but it's no longer on the menu.  This place is definitely no good for a meal, BUT great for tea time (hence the name) and lounge with friends over some snacks.  The two guys are super friendly!!  Knowing it was my first time, they have me a sip to try what I ordered before making it to make sure I was satisfied.  Love the attention to detail and service!!

Btw, I ordered the spam musubi and it was ok...just hard to eat.  The honey milk tea was perfectly sweet former who doesn't like things too sweet :)
Good food ,very busy place hard to get a table not a good ambiance
Came in after a late flight and Jack Astor's was one of the few places open. The patio at the front overlooking Bloor Street is cute and was packed with people. I had the fish and chips and the serving of fish was big. There is something about this place that was friendly and welcoming, especially since we were tired and hangry after a long flight. Bless.
Definitely not a good choice. I walked in and no one greeted. One on the phone with a patient, the other two bickering, not even a hello. Someone walks in after me, mind you there was no line, and the one behind me gets helped???? Very poor.
The basement was by far my favourite bar that I visited on Broughton street. I know it does food as well, but I did not get to try any of that. So I can only comment on it as being a bar. 

This is what I would call a hipster bar. Cool, dark and with a trendy crowd. They had ten interesting craft beers on tap and loads of bottles as well. I could have spent a good while drinking my way through the various  options on offer. 

Cool modern place doing good beer and I would definitely recommend going for a drink and I will hopefully be back to at some point.
Speaking only of the buffet as this is all we experienced, I don't understand the high ratings from previous reviewers. The food lacked flavor which was just wrong. It's Thai food! I even overlooked the lack of heat (spice) because it was buffet. Won't revisit this establishment.
Beyond repairable. Do not visit this establishment ever. You will get better service at Outback but a better experience at Ruth Chris, Mastro's, Donavans, Flemings just to name a few. Seafood tower, is a bowl of picked over crab and shrimp, can't afford truffle, but uses cheap truffle oil... But the problems here are with the service and overall management.  The waiter spilt a full.. I repeat a full bottle of wine all over the table and floor, mannager says its his first day but no apology, but when we realize the wine was all over my wife's shoes and bag, when we brought it to the restaurants attention the next day, they avoided a return call. I then emailed on their contact us page after 1 week after no response, still no response. I just received a call from a young lady in corporate, who has told be that this event didn't occur... Wow 495.00 for 3 bowls of soup, horrible lobster mac and cheese, 1 salad, 1 filet, and a entire bottle of wine spilt on the floor and table??.. You stay classy Mortons, you have just been surpassed. Scottsdale has so much more to offer, Cheesecake next door is better, but for a steak, in the same 2 minute radius is Ocean club and Dominick's is better service, food, atmosphere and overall experience.
A friend of mine had some clients in town who wanted to see a new show on the strip.  There have been some really great buzz going around town about this show and so I wanted to check it out.  Plus, it's in the Cosmo, so DUH!

Once you enter the Cosmopolitan from valet, the entrance is right up the first escalators.  After giving the security guards your ticket, you're taken in the first room: a hostess station room.  You'll notice lots of different doors.  Omg, I felt like I was in an episode of Alice in Wonderland.  We showed our tickets and was whisked away to the bar area up the stairs.  The layout was pretty rad.  Two bars on either side of the room.  There was a section with oversize chairs in a half moon stadium seating layout. The middle was a revolving stage and some trapdoor staging.  We were in for a great treat! 

At the bar, I decided to get the Moscow Mule for around $10.  Such a cool thing, it was on tap!  The flavor was great! I must say it was probably the best Moscow Mule I've ever had.  The garnish was a couple of candied ginger pieces.  Great touch to the drink and really brought out the ginger flavor.  The actual show was pretty awesome!  Without giving away the entire show, I really enjoyed the montage of different acts and talents.  My favorite were the twin tap dancers. They were on point! There was a little bit of comedy, suspense and a whole lot of personality!  I highly recommend this place!

After the show, we were taken to another room called the Study.  It was another bar area\/lounge set up like a home library.  The cool thing was that some of the performers actually engaged in the audience in this room.  My only problem was the server there. I don't know her name but she was a little rude to our table.  At one point, one of my friends was a little loud and she "cut" him off as he seemed inebriated.  Funny part was, HE WAS OUR DESIGNATED DRIVER!  Bad call on her part, but not the complete end to our lovely evening.  

If you're looking for a show that's intimate, fun and a little weird, you've gotta try this place out! Don't be a prude, pay the $120 bill, because you will realize that it's really worth it!
Great Food and unique atmosphere.  Gourmet twists on Mexican Food.
Good message for the price.  30 minutes for $20.  Can't beat the price.  4 of us been walking around for awhile and saw the sign.  We were like $20 bucks let's try it.  Didn't do the hour massage just in case. It was a little wait but worth every penny.  I will go back again when I'm back in vegas.  An hour massage is what I will do next time.  It was pretty relaxing.  U gotta try it.
Genius idea! I am a French fry lover and this place is perfect. My husband and I got the Sweet Lou BBQ stak and the Chillax stak and shared them. They were both so yummy. If you aren't in the mood for French fries (I'm not sure how this statement could ever possibly be true; but) you can substitute them for roasted root veggies. I can't wait for an excuse to go back to Gilbert so I can try more staks. HOPEFULLY they will open one of these in Phoenix VERY SOON!
Wow. What an awful meal that was. Staying At the Wynn so got buffalo wings and a French dip sandwich to go. Wings were good (carrots and celery tasted like last week but they are pretty unimportant) but the French dip might be the worst I ever had. Over cooked would be an understatement, shoe leather would be better. Tasted like it was cooked three days ago and reheated a few times. Absolutely awful!!!  Prices high but I expect that here but holy crap when I spend $35 at a deli it better be stellar. I'm from NY, trust me this was no NY deli, sad poser. Avoid at all costs if you have ever been to a good deli.
Stay far, far away! The owner is a crazy man who screamed the worst obscenities at me and my son when we went to retrieve a pair of suit pants that weren't ready when promised. This man screamed and ranted for nearly 10 minutes plus told his employee to call 911 when we responded to his threat to "come over there and beat the sh** out of you."  The poor employee was so shaken she had difficulty calculating the refund and repeatedly apologized to me.
My son had fun skating so I will probably go again.  But, this place is aggravating - crappy customer service!  I went on the free admission night.  I walked in and there wasn't a sole behind the window.  After waiting about 3 minutes, I was thinking, ok, so it's free admission, maybe you're just supposed to walk in?  

I had my hand on the door when this girl appeared at the window.  She didn't say - do you need skates, are you here for a party, nothing.  So I said " is there anything I need to do?"  She said nope, you can go right on in.  I was like great!  I walked to the very end of the skating rink where the skates are - to get skates and the kid behind the counter was like "I need your skate tickets".  I was like ok, where to you get those?  At the front.  Arrgggh!!

So I hauled my 2 & 5 year old back to the front and bought skate tickets.  I went back  to the skate desk and picked up skates, and then I noticed they have these little walker things that the kids can hang on to while they skate.  I was like perfect!  I asked the kid behind the desk - that I would like one of the walkers.  He said - those are skate mates and they're $5.  I was ok, I'll take one.  He said - you have to go back up to the front.  I was like "ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!???"

The dippy girl that works up front (I should have gotten her name) she has long brown hair and wore a flower in her hair.  I was fuming - why didn't she mention this when I was up front?  She won't understand until she is hauling around 2 kids of her own!!!!

You would think the owner would want his staff to try to upsell you, but no, they don't care.
We live in New York City and visited this place in January 2015 while we were in Toronto.  The dumplings were delicious and the staffs were very friendly and nice.  It was our first time visited this place that we were so touched that this restaurant gave us a complementary dessert pancake.  This was certainly enjoyed by the group of us even we were already full by the food we ordered.  If you like home and hand made Chinese dumplings that this will be a good place to visit.
My GF and I came for a weekday lunch while I was visiting the 'burgh for a wedding. We were one of the only tables seated, and the attentive service made us feel like VIPs. The chef sent out an amuse for us--mushroom "sashimi" which was delicious and tasted... for lack of a better word... expensive.

We shared a few small plates:
The duck quesadillas: My favorite, asian food + cheese... Who knew!
The tuna tartare: nothing like a pile of raw fish and caviar!
The guacamole: included cojita cheese, which I hadn't seen before, but cheese improves everything so it was great. The waitress also took the time to instruct us on how to adjust the spicy level with the different mix-ins.
The beef eggrolls: Have you ever met an egg roll you didn't love?

The 4 tapas were the perfect amount for us to share and we enjoyed every dish. At the end of the meal we were presented with a reasonable check and complimentary 5-spice sugar cookies. Better than any fortune cookie I've ever had!

Check out this spot for a casual lunch, or take a date, the slick interiors and exquisite service is sure to impress!
I waited 1:00 for my dish! And It turns out that, the waiter did not place the order. My grandparents were starving and complain about the awful night. It ruins our mood although the food are really good. Highly recommend the bourguignon, super tender and flavourful! Squid ink risotto is very good if u like black pepper a lot. Warm stuffed pepper with goat cheese is good, decent. Lobster roll was served with ordinary lays chips and lobster meat is a bit too chill.
Horrible service! Will never come back here again. All my yelp friends beware. If your ever in vegas don't come here unless you want to leave hungry!!! Have to put 1star rating coz I have to!
Definitely my favorite restaurant! Steaks are usually cooked perfectly! If you send it back, it'll come back just the way you want it. The ahi tuna tower is the best appetizer but the shrimp cocktail is also superb. Waiters are super nice! You will not regret coming here!
After such a bad experience in 2016 over and over; I thought I would try them one more time in 2017. Glad I did the young man was so happy that I was there and made me feel as if I was family. Plus you have BBQ sauce in stock made it will be a good sign!
To be honest, I am not a cocktail person. I drink them too fast, or they are too sweet, or too boozy. But something about the concept at Barchef really appealed to me, so I wanted to check out it. Plus I figured I could just drink wine if things really went awry.

But: I didn't need to! As the name implies, they really know what they are doing when it comes to booze. I tried the Chamomile Julep and the Four Two Seven and they were both really balanced and enjoyable. The ingredients are fresh and from what I understand mostly made in-house. 

I was there on a Thursday night and while there were lots of people there, we were able to grab seats and enjoy our drinks. I also liked the dark, old-timey-ish setup on the bar with jugs and ladles and brown bottles of liquid concoctions.
I think enough time has passed since my visit that the staff has turned over and no one would even remember me, except for maybe the lady who I rudely and crudely badgered into tipping the awesome pianist.  What can I say, by that point I was drunk on his playing, it couldn't have been the one martini I had!  Well, we had the crab cakes at the piano and what I can remember, they were wonderful.  Unfortunately, I can't remember much except stumbling out on my husband's arm, falling into the car and passing out.  They make a hell of a martini!  But I still remember the music, and damn that man could play.   If anyone knows where he plays currently, email me!  3 stars, since I really only drank and ate crab cakes at the piano.  But 5 stars for the music.
My housemate had a good experience here with gall bladder removal surgery, but I can't say the same for a recent emergency visit.  After an invasive medical procedure at another hospital -- see immediately preceding review -- I developed a high fever with severe chills.  I am diabetic which means a fever over a certain level is a cause for immediate concern and mine was above that point.

While the emergency room was very fast (probably because I went there around 3 AM and they weren't busy) they were completely useless.  After taking my history which mentioned the diabetes and recent invasive procedure, the young doctor who examined me said it was probably the flu and sent me home. 

I took a copy of the bloodwork as I wanted to take it to my personal care doctor the next day.  I looked at the various white cell counts and noticed the neutrophils were high and the remainder of white cell types were normal.  After consulting Wikipedia, I learned this is a definite indicator of bacterial infection - the various other white blood cell types react to viruses or parasites, but neutrophils (the ones that create pus) are specifically there to fight bacteria.  So obviously, this was not the flu, which is viral.  My personal care doctor wisely gave me antibiotics - including an injection - the next morning.   I strongly believe this was a case of sepsis so if I had not questioned his diagnosis and gone to see her I might have become very sick or possibly died.

The doctor who saw me was foreign, but one wold think that proper reading knowledge  of blood work - especially something apparently  as basic as knowing the difference between types of white cells - would necessary to become a doctor.  Perhaps he slept through med school that day.  I welcome comments from the instution or those in the medical profession.

This was especially obnoxious as the ER was totally not busy and they had plenty of time to examine things carefully.  The extra start is due to the better care my housemate had with his surgery; otherwise I would not have given it.
We were in town for a few days and found this place on Yelp. Decided to take a detour on the way to the hotel to try their drinks. Definitely glad we were able to find Brew Tea thanks to Yelp! We tried the okinawa milk tea with boba and the cold brew coffee with sea salt cream and boba. Both were very tasty and their boba is the perfect texture. After giving our drinks, they asked us to try before leaving to make sure we were satisfied with the taste and sweetness. No adjustments were needed but we appreciated that they wanted to make sure their customers were happy with their drinks before leaving. We will be adding Brew Tea to our list of places to stop by whenever we're in Vegas.
What a wonderful restaurant.  My friend and I have been hearing so many wonderful things about this place so two nights ago we stopped in.  We shared the sweet potato fries as an appetizer.  I for sure give that a 5 star.  He had the regular burger cooked to his liking and said it was truly the best he has had.   I tried the  veggie burger.  All I have to say it was the best veggie burger I have ever had.   And let me tell you I have had many!!!!  Mushrooms, tofu, cilantro, greens and much more.   The prices are right and the food is amazing.   Our server Tammy is one of the best I have every had and managed.  She knew the menu, she was funny, nice and attentive.  I want her to work for me.
Went for a work dinner so I had the opportunity to try an assortment.

PROVISIONS:
Salt & Pepper Crispy Calamari $13
*chewy, under seasoned and Thai dipping sauce was too sweet

Steak Tartare $18
*underwhelming and a bit bland, I also think I would've preferred the tartare on seasoned crackers, just ok

ROLLED SUSHI
Baked Yuzu Crab Roll $16
Blue crab, topped with spicy tuna and Serrano peppers, soy paper
*this roll had the essence of crab and I liked the heat from the peppers and the spicy tuna tasted really fresh, I ate every last piece

ENTREES
Fresh Blue Crab Cakes $32
Pommery mustard sauce, gojuchang spice, summer squash with romesco
*really confused by this dish!  I'm from Baltimore and these were a 1 on a scale of 1 to 100.  Awful.  No lump crabmeat (should've asked what part of the crab is used for the crab cakes).  They were shredded bottom of the barrel crab, and densely packed and no sweet crab flavor not to mention the accompaniments were so bold it completely overwhelmed the crab!  Don't waste $32, order something else.

New York Strip $35
*ordered medium rare, came out almost blue, sent back, they recooked the same piece of meat (found this a little odd) it was just ok, a little pricey for a strip steak and nothing would compel me to order this again.

DESSERT:
Flourless Chocolate Cake w\/Pistachio Ice Cream
*pretty rich and decadent, everything you want in a chocolate cake, loved it, great portion couldn't finish it

COCKTAILS:
Your Money or Your Life: $11
Old Forester Bourbon, Benedictine, Combier, orange bitters.  Good old-fashioned with a big ice cube.

Aunt Charlie: $10
Aylesbury Duck vodka, earl grey tea, honey-lemon shrug, served up.  The server explained it was like an Arnold Palmer.  This was not like an Arnold Palmer, the drink actually made me wince when I drank it.  Personally not a fan and I would maybe ask for it on the rocks or substitute it w Tito's, I think the vodka tasted like rubbing alcohol.
I just went to Bacaro for my girlfriend's birthday and got some mixed feelings about it. Here's what we ordered:

Grilled veal chop with red beets and pearl onions
Grilled sirloin with red cabbage, potatoes, and braised oxtail, in a red wine reduction

Apple cake with creme fraiche ice cream
Chocolate brownie with graham cracker ice cream and roasted marshmallows
Persimmon and pistachio bread pudding


The entree and wine were splendid, although a bit on the salty side for the sirloin. However, the dessert left a lot to be desired, in particular the persimmon and pistachio bread pudding. It was just plain soggy and tasteless. I recommend not ordering dessert here if you do plan on coming. 

In regards to the waitress and hostess, they were very helpful and courteous, in contrast to many of the other reviewers who saw them as "snooty" and pretentious. The atmosphere was pleasant and the ambient music was suitable for the occasion.
Came only for an early bird oil change and received a free tire rotation. They even gave me a battery check. Quick and friendly service.
Softmoc is a newish obsession.  I dropped in here the other day, but didn't see anything.  The store was busy also.  I guess a girl only needs so many pairs of moccasins!
Eh, what's to write?  They were super convenient, but that's about all they had going for them.  There were a couple soft serve flavors, a few frozen yogurt flavors, and a few hand-scooped flavors.  Nothing was spectacular, though I do like that they had the chocolate dipped waffle cones covered with nuts.
We started the dive bar tour after lunch and bloodys. This was the first stop on our tour and it was a classic dive, see my pictures.

The place has poker machines and an Atm. The place filled to max while we're there and seems very popular. They have a grill and serve food if you want a bite. Everyone I saw getting food was ordering burgers so that must be there thing.

Service was friendly and we had a Wi dive bar good time.
Read all of your receipts and documents. They will try to add jump regardless of you asking for it or not. Why would I need jump on a $100 phone?  Don't try to increase your numbers by being sneaky with people, because I will remove it as soon as I get home...

There goes your accessory purchases from me. 

Other than that my experience is pretty typical for a t-mobile store. Nothing special here.
Horrible service. Walked in to get my watch fixed and look at bracelets. No one was in the store and the woman asked me rudely if I had an appointment. I did not and she acted as if I was inconveniencing her. Needles to say I didn't get my watch fixed and won't be giving them any business.
Always a solid choice for some food and drinks. Service is always good, even when the bar was mega packed for the CAVs playoffs last year.
You can't beat the super cheap Moscow Mules ($2 on Thursdays) and the 40 cent boneless wings on Thursdays. Have gotten burgers there and they've always been good. Got the filet mignon there twice; the first time it was great, the second time the meat was good but they didn't have the red skin potatoes and subbed in fries (fries with filet mignon??) and didn't have asparagus and were going to sub in broccoli or some other gross veggie. Pass, and I probably learned my lesson: don't order filet mignon at the corner bar.
This is a great place to just grab a drink and hang out with friends or catch a CAVs game. Crowd can be a little diverse in age, but everyone seems to be having a good time. Love that this place is pretty laid back and not one of those annoying hipster places where patrons are just a nerdfest, posing while ordering overpriced PBRs and "craft" cocktails.
This is one of the best thai places in town.  I've tried most of them and this place is in the top 2.  The food is excellent and the service is good.  If your in town try this place. It's close to the strip.
Chinatown has got its fair share of bubble tea options some places are more recognizable than others. I have to say this place is just like any other bubble tea chain like CoCo's or Chatime and you can expect prices to be around the same. It's more expensive than the plethora of corner shops in Chinatown but I think you can get a better quality drink from here. They're also running a buy one get one free promo so find a friend to cash in on that deal with before it's gone! There's tables for you to enjoy your drink in store, bring a deck of cards or a board game and you can make a family friendly group activity out of it.
Sat outside on a gorgeous 82 degree night. Drinks were superb coupled with the beer battered fried bacon. The sauce is amazing!! Had the Nitro (double pale ale) and a Jacob's ladder (brown ale). 

For entree we had the flat iron steak and rice\/beans and fish and chips. Again-- superb!  Whitney waited on us and made sure ALL was sheer perfection. She recommended the perfect tequila\/amaretto mixed drink for me since my husband is the beer drinker. 

Wonderful date night!!!
Horrible ! 
1. My service was originally connected to the wrong house.. took a week to get it fixed!
2. Provided a credit and was advised not worry about first bill, but never received a bill. They had my address wrong ! Not to mention I signed up for paperless and received no notification and now being charged a late fee. 
3. When I called the response was I should have looked it up myself even though it ask for information on my first bill for registration. 
4. I signed up for 34.00 speed plus the 10.00 modem rental, not once was it mentioned that there is a broadband fee and other fees my bill is 64\/mo.
(first visit )First of all i walked in stood around for two minutes not sure whether or not to sit myself or be waited on it was 1 on a Wednesday. After i was  seated she took my order and brought me my ginger salad and miso soup. The soup was good but the salad was literally a hunk of wedge lettuce drenched in the dressing I was very disappointed. When i got the main hibachi lunch I was also very disappointed the rice was bland, and i was only served six shrimp(I feel personally it wasn't enough) All the employees were sitting in the corner on their phones not being attentive, one sneezed on his hands I pray to god he was going to wash his hands. I have been to many different hibachi places  and never have had such bad service as i have had here. The waitress seemed annoyed I was there and I will never go back!
I wish they had a location here in the bay area... Very good sandwiches at a super affordable price
I come here at least once a week... Chicken, steak, and shrimp hot bowls are ALL delicious! The prices are decent and it's the perfect amount of food.
Some of the best pizza you'll find in the south hills! It's been perfectly made for decades, and tastes delicious! Not only that, their Italian and steak hoagies are great!
The Illuminati may be a secret society that this coffee shop's theme is based on, but it's no secret that Illumilatte Brew Society has some amazing coffee.

I had the salted caramel frappe and a giant pistachio macaron. I must say, the salted caramel frappe was exactly what I had expected it to be: sweet and that hint of saltiness that you can kinda notice which really balances the drink out. It's served in a tall glass, which (to me) makes the drink taste that much better. The macaron was so good and it's bigger than most macarons I see in other coffee shops! They also have a variety of these colorful confections that go well with any drink you decide to get -- hot or cold.

The staff is all super friendly and very personable. Who doesn't like big smiles and casual small talk with their barista?

As for the interior, the main wall (and the bathroom walls) are a cool black-and-white mural filled with illuminati\/conspiracy-related imagery. It's super cool to look at, and it's even better to witness at night when the lights in the room change from color to color. They have such a chill vibe going on there, that it's impossible for you to not enjoy yourself. Plus, they have a good amount of seating (with soft, COMFORTABLE couches)! 

The place is great for groups or you can just roll in here solo, either way you're gonna like how everything is here. 

From the clever name to the outstanding artwork on the walls, everything felt like it came together in unison. It's probably one of the cooler coffee shops in town, in my opinion. I'll definitely try and frequent this place more often! A+!
Gambling is one hard thing to do for people but I enjoy it. Its a plus when the staff is amazing at this casino you can get some amazing people and some not so good at all. I'm a Ruby member and I love to go but When i visit Players club i never get my prizes or scratcher deals i get in mail. Food service is I was a regular and visted Cafe 24\/7 Meeka was our server, amazing service so memorable and bright attitude. We need more of that all over the casino.
We purchased a Red bud tree from Moore Trees. It died. We had a bit of difficulty, however, the company did make it right by refunding our money. Thank you, Moore Trees.

Mark and Susan Berenz
I have to say I'm not fond of going to the dentist l. I'm extremely nervous every time I set foot in the office. But the entire staff at Wellness Dental are amazing and have made every apt very comfortable and pain free. I would highly recommend them. Thank you!
So far I have called this company to schedule a PM visit and nobody answered. As instructed by the greeting I left a message. Nobody called back, 10 days later I try calling again. The man who answered the phone was so arrogant and rude I decided not to schedule anything. Then I came across their web page. Schedule appts online, no need to talk to a smug telephone operator. So I filled out the form and I've been waiting about 6 days so far for a response. 

These experiences tell me one thing, this company is poorly run. It's a shame since they were the contractor that installed my newly built homes HVAC system and handles the warranty. I hope that if I do ever need a warranty service call they are more responsive.
We have been patronizing this restaurant since the late 90's.  You can't find a better deal in town $2.99 for breakfast ?  Are you kidding me ?

$2.99 gets you two eggs, hash browns or home fries and your choice of bacon or sausage.  Add one additional item if you choose for .99 cents.

They have buy one get one free coupons as well.

Check them out !
Dr Sondel is very friendly and knowledgeable. Our Cavalier KC is always happy to visit and see him, which is always a good sign.
These ratings are all about comparison, as fellow yelper RandH recently pointed out in a review. 
Well, this park isn't perfect, but by golly, compared to other dog parks within the city of phoenix, this one's pretty NICE! (Glendale and Chandler are much better - I'm working towards a future list i think) 

I know....the 'hood. I'll admit it's not the best, but on a saturday morning with the park full of soccer game family traffic I doubt too heinous of crimes are going down here. You can park on the street right next to the park fence if you're nervous and want to keep your vehicle within view. I can't comment on others' nighttime experiences, but it does say the park's open until 10pm, so if they're not well-lit, that's a negative. 

There is a huge area for big dogs and a good sized one for yippers, too. The arrangement of seating and shade is quite nice. There are plenty of mature trees providing real shade, and the grass is well taken care of. Too bad that a 'visual minority' of idiot owners litter cigbutts and leave dog crap behind. You have to wonder what these peoples' homes look like. X^ { 

The people I met that day were friendly and conscientious of their mutts. It is sad that this is also something I've found to not always be in abundance at the local dog parks. 

No fancy dog agility equipment here like some other cities' bark parks, but anyone who goes to one of the tiny chain link kennel runs at Grovers Basin Dog Park or Avondale Friendship Dog Park should really make the drive and check it out sometime. 

Your dogs will love you for it. Oh wait, your dog loves you even when you yell at it because YOU'RE grumpy or when you accidentally step on it during the night, so how about : your dog will love you MORE for giving it even more variety of sights, socialization, and pee-mail from canines they've never met before!
This is one of the best eateries in the neighborhood. I recently had a bad experience, I ordered the spare ribs one night near to the closing hour for delivery  and when I  opened the ribs I was disappointed because it was all bones and usually we order these ribs all the time and there very meaty,  however I had work over the weekend and was unable to return the ribs right away so 3 days later I called and spoke to Kevin and he was very kind, sweet and apologetic, he remade the ribs and had it delivered to me. That's awesome customers service! Thank you Kevin!!!!
Even though our waiter stopped being so nice when he realized we were only there for drinks he was regularly attentive. 
I had the sangria which was AMAZING and enough of a taste of their style to make me look forward to my next visit~
Great place, great food, and great service. My server Cameron was kind and attentive. I would recommend for anyone to go here.
The salon is clean and my tech was very nice; however, after 6 days my gel mani peeled off my nails. I didn't pick, I tried to file the first chip and they just started peeling at the tips and came off in one sheet. Not worth the $.
Le temple du discount à Toronto! 
Lieu idéal pour acheter les produits  de 1ere necessité comme les articles d'entretien ou de cuisine.
Il y a aussi un grand rayon de snacks et boissons diverses.
Achetez vos souvenirs de Canada ici au lieu de dépenser 2 fois plus cher à l'aéroport.
Searched on Yelp for a place for lunch after our visit to Janoski's Farm Market. Found this awesome pub. Great food and service. Hot roast beef sandwich, fresh cut fries all with Mancini bread. Friendly people, non smoking. Looks like a great place to watch the Steeler games. Thank you Kelly Cole, owner and Marian, our server. We will be back!!
This is a fun bar with dueling pianos, drums, and other musical instruments.  There are four performers who take requests and they were good, wow.  The service is friendly and attentive.
Patrons danced and sang and everyone seemed to have a great time.
We had more fun here than Whiskey River located one story below.
I drive by this place every day so I decided to try it last Thursday.  I ordered their Pastrami Hoagie 16" costing almost $17.  When I got home with it my wife and I were very surprised at the lack of Pastrami on the sandwich, we estimate about a quarter pound on a 16" sandwich!!!  It was stuffed with lettuce though.  Shame on you selling a sandwich and not giving your customers a fair amount of meat!  I ordered Pastrami not a lettuce sandwich!  You certainly charge as if you have a quality product, get with it!
This is the first izakaya I've ever been to, however I am a Japanese food junkie. The food here is delicious, fresh and well presented. The atmosphere is lively and warm. I'll be bringing friends and family here for as long as it will be in the hood.
The room was nice. You can go kayaking on the lake which was fun. Scott was nice. The shuttle was nice to take to get to the Vegas strip. Just make sure you put your name down and how many are going in your group so you can be at the strip at the time you want to be there.
I've heard a lot about Wasabi but when I finally visited I was not impressed. The little restaurant was staffed with only one waiter and possibly a host (I don't really know what she was doing). No one greeted us when we came in, even when the waiter was behind the stand, a foot away from us. We almost left but then got seated so we said screw it. Well they sat us then didn't come by for 10 minutes.. well, they passed us a bunch cuz the place is so small but we weren't acknowledged until I asked "is someone going to serve us?". It was clear that everyone else was waiting for SOMETHING as well. We ran the course and ordered. My vegetable udon was very, very good. I'm not sure what the broth was but it was amazing (please please please don't tell me it was beef- I didn't ask :( ). My husband ordered 2 rolls but only got one, he said not to worry about the 2nd but said the first was good. Drinks kind of pricy but not overly expensive. They need more staff, especially at 6pm on a Saturday!
Came back today again for AYCE Dinner.

Quality remains consitent. I just noticed that it took quite long to get the order, although it was not busy on Sunday at all.  All servers are very very nice, so really no any complaint for that. 

I was disappointed that they didn't have Deep Fried Chicken Cartilage today. It's the one dish that I wanted to come back for. I also tried Beef Tataki again and I don't really recommend it. The beef slices is super tiny and was not very well-made. 

Sashimi is fresh and nicely decorated when served. 

For dessert, they now added Strawberry ice cream.

My recommended dishes:
Deep Fried Chicken Cartilage 
Mussels 
Kaki Fry
Yam Fry
Negima Maki
Fusion Maki
BBQ Maki
Salmon Rose
Assorted Sashimi
There's something about hoagies from pizza places.  What makes 'em so good?  I've hit a lot of local pizza joints including Aiello's, Conicella, Italian Village, Mineo's, Monte   Cellos, etc. They all have uniformly great hoagies.  

So when I stopped here after doing a site visit for work, I ordered the half-sized Italian sub--ham, salami & capicollo with provolone cheese.  This hoagie ranked up there with the best of 'em.  Even though it was only a half, I could barely finish it.  Good thing I didn't order any sides.
Outstanding. Best Ramen I've had in a long time. Chasu Ramen was excellent. I will for sure be back. Prices are so reasonable. I cant recommend this restaurant enough!
Awesome... great prices and MONSTER meals. The taste was oit of this world as well. If your scurrying along the strip, hit this place up.
Chevron always costs more, lots more. Often kids work there and they are of no QT quality employees. Probably right at circle k level. Prefer not going here.
Horrible food, great service but very disappointed in the food definitely not true authentic Mexican food. More Americanized then I'd like. Tried it for the second time perhaps it's what I ate the last time. I will not return to eat here.
This place was amazing. I'm a huge Harry Potter fan myself and I love what they did with the place. Needless to say I will be back here for the coffee and for the atmosphere. It is a little crowded when I went because it has gotten pretty popular.

I got the hot butterbeer latte. It's amazing! It's a must have if its your first visit!
Courtney is the first person I turn too when I need any beauty, fitness and life advice. I have taken her class in Bangkok as well as used her airbrush tanning services which I love! I personally enjoy reading her blog and her unique perspective about life, balancing work and fitness and a personal life. She is not only a fitness expert but a life coach! She has really helped me through some difficult times and has motivated me to be the best person I can be! Thank you Courtney!
As an employee at In-N-Out, I thought that nothing would compare to my usually Double-Double. However, Habit Burger has changed the game. When I first walked in, I noticed that the restaurant was very open so I could see everything going on in the back. The onion rings were fantastic, and the bacon on the BBQ Bacon Char Burger was extraordinary. Another positive for me was the great music choice. I don't know what station it was but they were playing great throwbacks. Overall, it was a fantastic experience.
Super, great selection. Great for novice and advanced vegetarians. Yummy soups. Down-to-earth atomosphere.
Adequately good food. I agree, Applebees but less lame. Adult beverages are under poured. Had the street tacos, must say the chicken was tasty and the guacamole and avocado was freshly, fre
Seems like my review will be the contentious one. I'll put my hand up now and admit, I hadn't realised that the fried food was in animal fat until Jenny L came to my rescue, so my original order was consigned to the bin and I was left with grilled haddock with a tomato pesto crust and a replacement side salad. It was laughable. Replace crust with tomato pesto slapped on top of fish and that is more like it. Admittedly, the haddock was cooked very well, otherwise this would be a one star review. 

The boy was equally disappointed in his meal (greasy) and the service (overenthusiastic waitresses trying to take his plate away while he was still eating, making it clear that it was time for us to leave). Some orders seemed to be confused although overall, it wasn't too big a concern, but rather confusing when the bill arrived. There seemed to be a disproportionate number of bowls of chips (sharing, rather than individual portions) across our large party as well, leaving our side begging others for more. 

The side salad that I was given in replacement of chips was (drum roll): 2 slices of tomato, a pinch of salad leaves and some sliced onion. This is a salad that rabbits would turn Watership Down over, and I don't mean the good rabbits. All of this cost me 12 quid, as my original order wasn't taken off the bill. That's one expensive fillet of haddock with salad garnish. Will I come back? Frankly, no. There are equal and better fish and chip restaurants where you get a fresh order and don't pay double the price, nor exclude the minority in doing so. I guess it's a reminder that when you talk about gourmet fish and chips, it really is in the eye of the beholder to make that judgement. I left almost as hungry as I came, and won't repeat the experience again.
This place is so disgusting my dog wouldn't even eat it. $38 for 3 entree takeout? No wonder why the place is dead on Friday night. Sweet & sour shrimp in separate bowls? Cold White rice stuck together in a huge cube? Cmon. I'm tempted to drive back and get a refund. I mean, who even runs this place and checks the food?? DM me.

Never going back...never.
I went on a Friday night (10\/14\/2011). There was no cover all night for guys and girls. Drink specials included a few beers for $2 and vodka drinks for $1 till 11PM. The decor is beautiful, good amount of seating. It's a one room club with ample space. The DJ played hip-hop, top 40, good stuff!

I went for a friend's birthday and his party were pretty much the only ones there. If more people were to go it could be a great spot for Friday nights! Mgt seemed inviting and friendly. Our party was probably about 40 people, this place could easily hold a couple hundred. I and the rest of the group def. enjoyed ourselves because we were so many. Not sure it would have been as great if I only had gone with 1-2 people. But if more people start going it would probably get 5 stars!
Sunday 10 am, 6\/7\/2015. Will never set foot there again. Went with my boyfriend, the place wasn't packed at all. Waited a few minutes before someone came to seat us. The lady comes, gives us a SMUG look and says without even looking at us: "an hour". My boyfriend and I looked at each other and when we say thank you we're okay she seemed so glad and says yep, ok and turns around and leaves. We both felt extremely disrespected and will never go again, though it was our first time. I don't know if it was because I was wearing a headscarf or she's just rude in general. Will never recommend it and if I'm angry enough to write a bad review it means she REALLY messed up.
It's good in general, but I especially enjoy the all-you-can-eat buffet that they do on Monday's and Thursday's in the evening.  I wish they did it more often.  There's so many great dishes to choose from, and the deserts are great too.  I really enjoy the honey treats and the mango pudding the most.
I'm not sure why this place is so popular.  My friend's friend insisted on going here before heading home from Vegas.  I got the bun with pork and eggrolls (standard).  Eggrolls were no good - soggy and lacked flavor.  It came with only a little pork as well.  My friend got spring rolls - those weren't very good either.  Some got the pho, which I did think tasted flavorful and good.  The small size was too small for my firend, though, which is why she ordered the spring rolls.  Peanut sauce was not that great either.  And another got this red, spicy looking beef udon soup.  I didn't try it, but she loved it.  By the time we left, there was a line of people waiting.  Oh, they serve Vietnamese coffee in those little metal strainers, which then drips into a cup of a ton of Condensed Milk.  They gave us cups with ice.  OMG - the coffee was so good.  It wasn't the usual Cafe du Monde, which has a distinct chicory taste, but way better.  Both my friend and I raved about the coffee.  Service is pretty bad, too.
So much Hummus... 

I popped in here for a quick bite with the wifey before heading home for some Netflix and fall asleep on the couch. Duzan's decor and table setup needs a major reconfiguration, there's no cozy sit and relax vibe that most Mediterranean restaurants have. Plus it's bright as hell in here! 

That being said the food is still pretty damn good. We tried the Hummus Plate, Pita Bread with Feta, and the Combo Special. Honestly, this is probably some of the best hummus I've had in Vegas and the Pita bread is a great compliment; soft, light, and I found out, baked fresh at their other location. They do sell bags of the amazing pita bread for $3 and you get a giant stack of carby love. 

The Pita bread with feta cheese is baked together and eats like a pizza. Feta lovers this is for you and honestly a must order if you come here. It's a great starter. 

The Combo special is a solid mix of menu items. Beef and chicken shawarma, falafel, salad, and of course hummus and pita bread. This was a Mediterranean bounty that was the perfect amount of food for sharing. The falafels were crispy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and very tender, but the beef on the other hand was under seasoned and lacked salt. This didn't disrupt my meal, but I would have been upset if this was the main protein on my plate. 

I will definitely come here again, if not for the bread, but hummus, and the chicken, and the falafel... you get the point.
The theater itself is pretty nice.  Very clean, and pretty good options at the snack bar.

The IMAX screen is almost disappointingly small, and I honestly didn't notice a difference in "experience" or "immersion" from the Real 3D at other theaters.  Definitely not enough to justify the price jump.  While the sound quality is fantastic, their base is turned up so high that it drowns out dialogue sometimes.

Probably the most annoying thing for me was that the ceiling and walls around the screen are reflective, but you can only see the glare through one of the polarized lenses.  Since the screen isn't large enough to fill your field of view, this creates the illusion that there is a light shining into one eye or something, and is pretty distracting.

Overall, I'm glad I gave it a try, but I'll be sticking with the giant screens and recliners at AMC.
Not too shabby for Mexican food.  I've been looking for good Mexican restaurants being that I'm from Southern New Mexico and have been craving authentic Mexican food.

The chips n' salsa weren't bad at all, nothing special (again this review is coming from someone who KNOWS good Mexican food, but hey its all opinion right?) but they did give you three salsas to dip from.

We had chicken quesadillas as an appetizer (you have to be a moron to screw up heating two flour tortillas together with cheese and chicken, luckily they weren't).  These were good and I have no complaints.

For dinner I ordered the Mojado Burrito.  The waiter told me this was the most food I could get (hey, I'm 6'7'' and I was dang hungry aight?).  It was smothered in some sort of red sauce.  You could order the burrito with chicken, steak, carnitas (pork), or vegetarian.  I ordered it with pork and my friend ordered it with chicken.  The burrito was very tasty, I ate every last bight.  Overall the food was pretty tasty and actually better than what I expected, the three stars was for the service.  Our waiter was awful.  Our drinks were empty for almost the entire meal.  Looking around the restaurant I noticed the same thing.  "I'll be right back with some more water" means "Hey, I'm going to go chill in the corner for 10 minutes and then remember to give you a refill."  Most people have given this place 4 stars for the food, you have to remember I'm a New Mexican and I know good Mexican food when I taste it =).  

Prices were about $10-15 per plate.  If you are staying in the Hard Rock Casino I would definitely go give this place a try.  This place was a little noisy though and I found it hard to hear my friend talking to me, other than that go get your fix of some pink taco!
I CAN'T EMPHASIZE ENOUGH WHAT A POSITIVE EXPERIENCE I HAD WITH PJ!!  After reading the other two reviews I decided to use Commonwealth to tow my husbands beloved 350Z to our mechanic.  They were everything described by others and more.  PJ quoted a price over the phone without a request from me and arrived earlier then I expected.  The price was more then fair, lower then what I have experienced from other local companies in the past.  They are able to take credit card and he was quick and efficient getting my car loaded onto his flatbed.  Well, as fate would have it I got about 1 1\/2 miles down the road headed for the shop and the car that I was driving burst a hose, overheated and died.  I called PJ and told him where I was and he was there in no time at all.  PJ is the kind of guy who smiles all of the time,  it not only lights up his face but you see it in his body language as well, he is a pleasure to work with.  When he came for the second car he was sympathetic for my run of luck, offered some words of encouragement and when he handed me the bill it was substantially discounted from their already great price.  It wasn't necessary, just done out the kindness of this mans heart.  He is a small business owner that takes care of his customers in a way you don't see as much of today.  I think they are a fabulous and will use them and recommend them to anyone who needs their services.
Great local place to eat! people are friendly,good coffee and it was nice and clean. 

We really enjoyed this place, happy we stopped in to grab lunch
These guys were probably the worst people in the history of man. They really are the most corrupt people... 

Story goes I see a sign free diagnostic test that was a lie... The diagnostic test is only free if they fix what's wrong on the car.... So with all the "problems" I had it would cost me $346 and he said that might not even fix my problem...

It was even more unprofessional when he was joking telling a mechanic about taking the Beamer out for lunch. What was even worse he was smoking around cars with car hoods up... Idk about that but isn't there a ton of flammable items in a garage full of cars.... 

If you come across this place and you need something done don't come in. I just left and I feel as if they did something to my car... I couldn't see because I wasn't allowed to watch my OWN car get a diagnostic check...

Bottom line if you meet a guy TOM in there run the other way he will probably rip you off and lie to you like he did to me..
been here twice... delish, second time was better than the first time! salsa was super tasty! Roll taco was my favorites
Love this store! I have not seen more adorable apparel in one place ever in my life! I literally want to buy everything from here! They're great on social media if you're looking for deals - check out their Instagram account for flash sale announcements, discount codes, contests and my favorite, the Monday giveaway!
My wife and I met Sharyn on a pink jeep tour several years ago in Sedona.  Instantly we all hit it off and she gave us her card.  There was never any pressure to sell out home.  Instead she become like family.  Sending us thoughtful holiday gifts and little reminders that she was there if we needed her.  Then we decided to list our house.  Not only was the marketing material the best I have seen...she also did weekly Open Houses.  Either Sharyn was there or her associate Jen.  We have 2 dogs and 2 cats that had to stay home during these open houses.  Sharyn and Jen made sure they were all safe and in the house when they locked up. The house we were selling was my first house and longest home I had ever lived in...so I was extremely emotional throughout the process.  She was always there to help.  I probably drove her nuts, but somehow she always seemed calm and ready to give me a therapy session.  So I'll get to the bottom line since being a good friend doesn't make you a great realtor.  We got OVER ASKING PRICE!  We got THE MOST PER SQ FOOTAGE in our zip code.  We had a VERY SMOOTH SALE.  She followed up with title and the buyers realtor on a regular basis to make sure we closed on time and that there were no hiccups.  She know the business in and out and I absolutely will NEVER USE ANYONE ELSE.  It seems anyone can become a realtor, but I hands down believe that Sharyn Younger and her team are the BEST group to work with.  She has truly become a part of our family.  You are in fantastic hands and with a realtor that knows all the ins and outs to protect your sale or purchase.  Thank you Sharyn for everything.  You got us more money than we thought possible and changed our lives for the better.  Looking forward to purchasing our next house with you!
When walking in the door of the Dragon Pearl Restaurant, you are greeted with these magnificent sculptures and masks that decorate the entrance way and the main dinning area makes you feel like you're in China.

The service was excellent, they came by our table every few minutes to ask if everything was ok, and to remove our dirty dishes.

The food was really good, I tried salads that I had never had before, such as, seaweed salad and kimchi salad, we got a half of a lobster for free, and way too much food to consume in one night.  I think you would need to eat there every night for a week straight in order to try everything from the buffet, I only wish that was possible.  I'm really looking forward to the next time we go there for dinner.
The only good thing about this Walmart is the location. As many of the other reviewers have commented, it's a consistently bad experience. If you need anything other than the basics - paper towels, toilet paper, etc., keep driving up route 28 and go to the Pittsburgh Mills location. 

I was in today because I need paint for a steel door in my kitchen. I chose this location because I also needed to go to a grocery store and the liquor store, both of which are in the same plaza. 

I asked the "paint" guy what I should use that could also be tinted and when he came back from asking a manager, he told me that i would have to sand down the door, prime it and then use spray paint.  Well, that's one option, but so is buying a gallon of paint that can be used after throughly cleaning a steel door that's painted white. 

The store is also usually a mess -- the aisles in the home section have blinds, curtains and other items strewn throughout. And, as others have mentioned, it's a "mini" store. One one of our visits here we needed a large plastic trash can with a lid that we could put out on the curb for garbage night ... no dice. 

Check their inventory online before you go, plan to stand in line (no matter what time of day) and don't expect anyone to be able to answer a question for you.
wow, this place is really nice.  when my bf said we were going to vegas for new years and staying at the mgm, visions of families and cheeseball entertainment danced around in my head.  however, we ended up at the signature, and it was totally different.  this is a non-gaming hotel, so you have to go to the mgm (which is connected) for gambling.  there are pools, a lounge w\/ happy hour, a starbucks, and a workout facility onsite.

we stayed in one of the penthouse rooms, and it had a fully equipped kitchen and floor to ceiling windows.  furnishing were modern so no flowery bedspread!  our window faced the airport, so we couldn't take in the craziness of LV blvd, but it was kind of calming at the same time.  if you want to say on the strip but feel like you're at a regular hotel rather than a vegas hotel, the signature is a good choice.
Always wanted to try this and lo & behold, as we are walking back to our hotel from brunch, we pass this oxygen bar.  There were only about 8 seats and they were all taken.  The 2 ladies working were very friendly and convinced us to give it a try.  We only waited a couple of minutes to get a seat.  

I had a slight hangover and husband was tired and dragging, so we wanted to see if it would perk us up.  

You sit down and they give you a new sanitary tube to stick up your nose.  Uncomfortable?  I think so.  They scent it with some lavender.  Nice, but after a couple of minutes, your nose starts to run.  Blech.  But they do provide tissues.  

While sitting there for the 15 minutes, they use different tools to massage you.  My favorite sign, "we are not offering massages, but demonstrating products."  haha!  Vibrating scalp massager was good (but they only did it to my husband for less than a minute and he was disappointed).  The pulsating massager they attach to your back?  NO!  One of the modes was acupuncture and it felt like someone was stabbing you.  Yikes.  They also had some other vibrating tool.  I didn't buy anything.  They also had "energy" shots, but I didn't partake of any of that.

So did it work?  Yep.  My hangover was gone and my husband felt more perky.  Was it worth the price?  $22\/person  Nah.  

But the ladies were very nice and I can now check that off my bucket list.
Brazen Head Irish Pub is *the* Irish Pub in Toronto to check out.  I dropped by for lunch today to see what all the hype is about.  The pub was spacious with ample interior seatings; there is also three levels of outdoor patio seating available.

Food wise - they have descent pub food; prices are a bit on the high side for pub grub.  I had the burger, it was descent but I have had better elsewhere.  Their selection on tap is average with some interesting and unique blends.

Service was above average, mind you, we were the 1\/2 dozen patrons after a long weekend having lunch.  I have heard that service levels diminish as it get busier.

Brazen Head is a good place to check out in the Liberty Village area if you are looking to grab a pint or pub grub.
Absolutely awesome! Right outside of uptown Viva Chicken has been one of my favorite finds since moving to Charlotte. The atmosphere is fun and great for any group of people.

The food is ABSOLUTELY AWESOME. Their chicken is moist, flavorful and always tastes delicious. The fried yucca is great and pairs well with the dipping cause. I swear the dipping causes have crack in them because I can't stop eating them. I have also tried the sweet plantains, despite not being a huge fan of plantains I thought they were tasty. I have never been let down!

The staff is always great and service is always fast. I will keep coming back that is for sure!
Thai Chili was very outside of my comfort zone, definitely something I have never tried before. A place that everyone should try. It was quite interesting because my tastebuds could not identify all of the unique flavors I was experiencing. Even though the restaurant was in America I swear the spices had to have been flown in from Thailand. It was a groundbreaking experience for my mouth to say the least.
Although it was different, it was still good for the most part. I am used to things tasting one way. For example, when you go to take a drink and you are expecting one flavor but it ends up being another. That is exactly how the entire meal was. I of course have had chicken and fried rice before, but the way it was prepared took me off guard. My dessert was sticky rice and mango. I have never thought of rice as a dessert but it was very sweet and pleasant.
I recommend Thai Chili to people who enjoy trying new foods. You can also control how spicy you want your food. The server will ask you what level of heat you would like. Everything is well prepared and well served. Now that I took the opportunity to endeavor into a new culture I will definitely do it again. There is something on the menu for everyone.
Great spa and salon in north area. Owner really gets it and they do a lot to keep their clients loyal. I'm willing to drive a little longer and pay more for a place that can do it all. My only gripe is the pricing on Manicure and pedicures is high.
Great flowers, but very poor delivery service. Couldn't get the delivery address right and very poor at communication. Also called my girlfriend to let her know the flowers were there, and then they disappeared and left them at the office. Anyone could of received the flowers. Great flowers, and very presentable, but definitely not going back.
Le Mile est vraiment un endroit où on peut marier le meilleur des deux mondes : le 5a7 et le souper. L'ambiance est super conviviale, très génération Y. La terrasse l'été est vraiment agréable, malgré son emplacement entre deux magasins. 

Si les cocktails sont originaux, le repas est quant à lui un peu ordinaire. C'est bon, mais un peu régulier, du genre rien de spécial. 

Du côté du service, ça change de fois en fois. Oui les serveurs sont sympathiques, mais il y en a tellement, impossible de savoir à qui demander quelque chose. Les garçons ont tendance à faire un peu d'attitude, à croire qu'être bussboy au dix30 te place au sommet de l'échelle sociale. Les filles ont toujours été super gentilles.
Walked in without an appointment and was taken immediately.  Great looking place!  Leather seats, T.V. , beer and liquor.  Super friendly staff.  I saw all ages being taken care of.  All the cuts looked sharp, as did my kid's cut. I will be back
Sonnie is probably the most professional and talented hair dresser I have had thus far, which is why I was so sad to loose her as my hair dresser when I moved to Georgia. The salon itself is clean and has a comfortable yet modern feel. Sonnie herself goes above and beyond to be professional while really taking an interest in your life to make it an enjoyable experience. She gives the best head massage during your wash, and never second guesses taking extra time to finish off my wash and cut with some curls! She was extremely knowledgeable when it came to the care of my hair and what products work best. I would recommended this salon, but particularly Sonnie to anyone! The salon also gives discounts for referrals!
So this is a mall, which contains lots off mall-ish stuff. It's super clean and that is important and sometimes overlooked. There are lots of stores and pretty much whatever you need. When at the mall I instantly question why I didn't just order this crap using Amazon prime, but then I see the pretzel stand and I have my answer. 

Pretzels. It's always pretzels.
Our new favorite pizza spot! Affordable and the delivery was pretty quick. They also followed our specifications when we ordered and made sure everything was cooked well-done, just the way we like it!
Unlike the cold and uncomfortable atmosphere, in my opinion, of Dean of Shadyside and other "chain" hair places I felt welcome and comfortable as soon as I walked in. Everyone who works there from behind the counter to those doing your hair are friendly, real and down to earth. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a haircut by clearly talented staff, a well designed interior and also likes to support the small neighborhood business.
This is my climbing gym and I think it's pretty rad. The facilities are relatively new (and as a result, clean). 

My only complaint is how busy the gym is getting. I'm not sure if this is a result of the Groupon that was available a few months ago, but waiting in line for climbs is getting ridiculous. Coupled with the large groups of children having parties on the weekends, its starting to get way too crowded.

TNC would benefit from expanding. Not only would there be room for more climbers, but they could also consolidate all the exercise equipment into one area. Right now the Olympic rings and climbing ladder are on one side of the gym - while the chin-up\/weights\/general exercise area is on the other. Feels a little disjointed.

But other than that, I love this little gem of a gym.
I was so excited to try this place out. I came here for dinner and it was grand opening. When we enter the staff was just sitting and one of them got up to assist up.  This place is clean and the staff was friendly. Very patient as we decided on what to order. I'm a huge fan of chow fun (fried thick rice noodles) so I went ahead and order that. My friend order sweet and sour chicken. Our food came out and timely manner. My noodles were very tough are hard to chew.  Which is not good start. They're suppose to be soft. Ugh I never had a bad chow fun. But I will go back and try it again. Might be their first day so well see. Beside that it was good. My friend like the sweet and sour chicken but he didn't like how it was prepared. They serve it with the sauce on the side. He preferred it came already sauced up. The price was great about $10 and under. They had a few dishes that were $10 and above. They also do lunch specials until 4pm. I will definitely try it again.
I liked the food here.  Got some enchiladas with a side of margarita.  Nothing really good or bad to report.  Service was fine.
We enjoyed awesome cocktails and some kick butt sliders! Our favorite was the brisket sliders! Then, for desert we had the cinnamon cheese cake. It was a little too much for 2 people but we brought the rest home and will be having it as a midnight snack! Yum!
So disappointing after having several amazing meals at this place. Dinner time and it's emptying service was a shadow of what it used to be. Menu has changed and don't bother asking if they would make an exception to bring back a favourite like Linguine with Clams. Not on the menu and they don't want to talk about it.

Will likely never go again. Not when York Region has so much choice for authentic Italian food.
Came here today to put new tires that I purchased online on my summer rims, staff was very helpful.  Was told that the tires I brought might rub and that they'd try one first to check before doing the rest.  Price was good too.  Kaltire wanted $50 per tire to mount and balance 17" tires.  Guess it's more expensive if you don't buy the tires from them since they asked me if I bought the tires from them.  Then I called Xtreme to see how much they charged and was told $27.50 per tire.  Went there and watched them do it at the window.  I found out it wasn't as simple as removing the tire and replacing it as I experienced at other places.  As I watched them do each tire, I thought to myself that $27.50\/tire was definitely worth it for the work that was done.  Job took about an hour to do.  I will definitely go back.
Ordered online on Friday with standard shipping; I received the order on Monday.  Big savings on my favorite Desert Essence Organics cosmetics; even with shipping, I still saved 30% from what I'd pay in my favorite health food store.  And they carry all the "flavors." Will definitely buy from them again.
These guys are the best, destroyed Midland Credit on a purchased bad debt. If you have a bad debt buyer that contacts you, don't talk with them, call Richard Groves. 


Love when a plan comes together.
I've been here so many times times and the staff never disappoints. The food is always cooked perfectly and delicious. It's a family friendly environment and a great place to go with your friends. The food is never too expensive. 
Tip: try the cheese dip it's simple yet different than any other restaurants
Such a fun experience. 95% of it is incline so prepare for a workout. Bring snacks!!! And STAY HYDRATED** only downfall is the availability of restrooms; sometimes they have no toilet paper :\/ which is why I took off a star. 2 cool caves ! Lovely mini cascade. Cold water, nice to get a little wet, DONT SUGGEST DRINKING IT THO!! everyone is so friendly, and many people bring their dogs. Some do not have leashes :( FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY. Although infants may not be a good idea in this heat.

Wear a hat, sunscreen, and I suggest coming EARLY because this Nevada heat can get to you mid day. I suggest arriving around 9-10am
It's about 4 miles up and down the trial.
Taking a chill out on Chili's. My friend and I frequent this location usually once a month, occasionally more, & always sit in the bar area. Our favorite is the Presidente Margarita. YUM!!! This has become the staple of our visit and often times, the reason we choose Chili's. We were very excited to hear the margaritas were being featured on a dinner for two deal - perfect! Except that choices, well, kinda suck. The steak wasnt good, and since we dont get the combo. Upon our most recent visit, we both noticed that we were definitely shorted on our margaritas. Asked the server\/bartender Jake, whom we've had before several times, if the recipe has changed and he swore it hadn't and said that it must have been that every single time before it was made incorrectly. He told us how he makes it and we reminded him that he's made our drinks for us on multiple occasions. The thing about Jake is that he is so super cheesy, he wouldn't admit it anyways. He should work with kids and families, not bar folk. We both felt insulted and disappointed that the margs we have to come to love so much can no longer fill our glasses two times. Not sure we'll be coming back. Def gonna take some time out to chill.
I was invited to join a group for a yearly charity golf tournament here while visiting the Cleveland area. This course is a very nice, highly rated, Pete Dye designed course. I found it astetically enjoyable, and very challanging. This course meanders through fields and wetlands, over streams, changes elevations and has strategically placed sand bunkers everywhere. With the exception of a couple of tee boxes, the course was in nice shape, fairways like carpet, and greens roll true. It was a real pleasure and a treat to play this course and hope to be back to play it again someday.
WOW! What a great burger joint! I've only had the pleasure of trying it once and ordering takeout since the wait is ridiculously long, but 4.5 stars! Ordered the Burger Bar Sliders so that we could try three different burgers. One was Angus, pretty good, very basic. A little dab of mayo and mustard and it's perfect. The next was the bacon burger which was my least favorite out of the three because the patty was a bit dry and not as flavorful. The last was the onion burger and I think this is the reason that makes Burger Bar so popular. The patty was so tender and moist, one bite into it and it was oozing with juices. The caramelized onions enhances the rich flavor of the beef, my mouth probably said oh em gee! If you get the chance, order it with sweet potato fries to top it off!
Tiabi is an oasis of calm and deliciousness in the whirlwind of over-priced and under-delivered breakfast joints littering the desert of Las Vegas. I enjoyed the $6 Strawberry Kisses waffles, which struck an impeccable balance between sweet, filling, and light on the palate. A perfect antidote to a night of regret or morning preparation for wandering through the sinful daytime sun, the iced coffee is also refreshing and prepared with care and attentiveness.
I had a wonderful experience here at this salon, exhausted from traveling I had a 1 hour signature pedicure and a half hour massage, then I got my eyebrows waxed and coloured. So friendly, lovely energy, fantastic eye for detail, I cannot recommend this salon more highly! If I came back to Toronto I will be knocking on this door again!
Tried this place two times. Very expensive and not good at all. Very bad service both times. I have eaten at there other restaurants around the country they where much better.
I've been wanting to come here for a while because I've heard really good things from my mom. When I went here Saturday we were greeted by the manager who seemed very friendly. However after we got seated we had a very mean old lady as our waitress. She gave us a feeling like we weren't welcome. Maybe she was right. We were in our 20s and  the majority of the clientele was over 60. While the service may not have been to our liking, the food was pretty good. I had the tortellini verde which I liked but I enjoyed my girlfriends penne in their Gorgonzola sauce more.
Horrible service, average food. Not recommended at all, unless you just want to watch the game which was great!!
Went in after work anf rhe drinks and beer are great. Selection is superb and not overwhelming. Definitely recommend coming by with friends to share some food! Congrats on yoir opening. It was delightful!
Meh, was OK. Real pricey I thought. Service very good, portions small. Needed a sandwich afterwards. Started with the antipasta platter which was OK. Decent meats but many dry type cheeses and needed more veggies likes sliced tomato or marinated peppers maybe. Then had veal piccata over angel hair which was super tasty but just not a lot there. $30 entree, yikes. Was OK but would not make a point to go back.
I had a lot of fun a cafe hookah last week! We came in really close to closing time and still got wonderful service. This hookah lounge is a good place to visit because they also serve food here. The hookah costs less then at several other well known hookah lounges in Vegas. 
We ordered some penne because it was being made right then and it was incredible! I am not the biggest fan of pasta to begin with but I thought the food and service where wonderful. Our hookah was also great, they came and checked on it a couple times. We also got a free salad with our food. It was pretty dead middle of the week but we enjoyed ourselves! I thought it was nice how we where not rushed out even though it was close to closing time and we where the only people still there.
This yogurt joint isn't worth .55 an ounce when pinkberry\/ yogurtland is half the price n it taste better.

The yogurt is too milky..
I called Ann as a new client and she went out of her way to fit me in with my time constraints. 

I was so happy that I met her. I needed my eyebrows waxed and I am really particular about it.  SHE DID AMAZING!!  I will be going back and will recommend her to all my friends. Her price is awesome too.  ONLY $15 and the first waxing is FREE!!!

An added note, I have sensitive skin and the wax she uses was actually the best for my skin and did not irritate it.  

Definitely go see her.  From a dude's perspective she is cool and gets you in and out. From a girl's perspective she really listens to exactly how you want them done and gives it to you.  The quality is great!

Cheers!
This was my first time here and I must say this place is legit! I got the carne asada burrito and added guacamole and cheese. They did not add the cheese that I paid for, but the quality of the food was excellent. This is the reason for the 4\/5 stars. Had they put the cheese on I would have easily given them 5 stars. Burrito, additions and a medium drink was $10 on a Friday. They have specials.... like Taco Tuesday... I'll be back for sure.
Have been to Joeys a few times now and it never fails to deliver. 

Their bacon cheeseburger is delicious, the service is great and the restaurant has a great feel to it. 

Will definitely return.
food: 3.7 - decent in toronto but below par in the international scene of french cuisine
Service: 4.0 - If only my main server could give me a bit more smiles 

An intimate spot tucked away in the old residence of South Hills offering window views of the CN tower cityscape glistening in a distance. 

The gnocchi was a pleasant surprise- airy and lightly toasted, its fluffiness juxtaposed with the crunchy texture of walnuts.  Warm Lobster was accentuated with delicate balance between the refreshing ginger sesame mayonnaise and lobster broth.    Partridge could be slightly less dry and more flavorful. Immaculate service overall from the knowledgeable waiters.  Valet parking upon arrival.
It's in my top five of pizza place for sure. A pepperoni pizza that is best fresh and I can't say it's great cold or a day old. Try it with the garlic dipping sauce! The boneless wings are a huge hit in my family and we always have to order the gionino bread. Be prepared for them to be busy on the weekends so order an hour before you want to eat.
we stayed at ceasars palace and arrived at midnight, the valet was completely fullbut we were directed to there self park section ($12) the casino itself is a bit confusing- I had no idea about the opposite casino until we were leaving to pay for our parked car! there was also a food court and everything I missed.. maybe next time! hotel was clean and i appreciate that.
The food is pretty good but I felt that the service was a little too rushed. I felt that they tried to clear my plates a little too quickly, even when I was still eating from it. We tried some tasty rolls and loved with their garlic chicken. I"d be back for that alone.
Tried Shamrock Burgers (Highland Creek) for the first time yesterday, for lunch. Onion rings were the star of the show.  Huge rings with a thick beer batter, different from most places, and they use very sweet onions.  

However, the burger did not impress. It had a spice mix that reminded me of Lick's, which is not a good thing.  If I wanted Lick's (I don't), I'd go there.  Very stingy with the toppings.  Barely enough lettuce to notice.  Bun did not hold together well at all and fell apart after just 3 bites into the burger.

We won't return unless we just want great onion rings.
What a complete mess. First, they rely on their close location to Hilton Tapatio Cliffs and their owner's name "A Hilton" to lure Groupon and living social customers to believe they are purchasing a spa treatment at a Hilton resort- shady.

Second, we had to schedule our services for a Mani\/pedi 2 MONTHS out.

Third, the day of our scheduled treatment, they called to cancel one of the 2 appts because "one of their nail technicians no longer worked for them as of that morning."

When I asked if we could just split my appt and my friend get a mani and me a pedi, they would make no deal, as they cannot "split" a groupon and there was not time to do that. (how would that take any more time?!?!)

After 4 phone calls and being on hold for about half an hour, they finally agreed to give us both a Mani if we used BOTH groupons.  As we planned our day around lunch and nails, we reluctantly agreed.

Then, they called back to say that if we wanted to do that, they had to push our appts back an hour? How did we lose our original appt, get pushed back an hour, lose half of our services, and still pay the same amount?

On top of it, the nail service itself was rushed. The tech was nice and polite, but not very good. The nails were never soaked, very little hand massage, no drying time, etc. 

Unbelievable. I would give it zero stars if it wasn't for the free tootsie pop in the waiting room.
I've been too three amigos in downtown a few times and I found that it was a lot different then the one in Laval.
The ambiance is very different of course the one in Laval was recently built and everything is new.
As for food, I didn't order the same things as the one in downtown and I don't wanna compare too much. Overall the food was good, I ordered vegetarian tacos and it was delicious but the salad was just some kind of lettuce with 3 strips of carrots and one olive. It was so disappointing. I also got non alcoholic drinks and they were very good. My friends daiquiri tasted better then the one I had (margarita). 

The waiter looked like he hated his job. He was not communicated at all with us. I asked him for nachos at the beginning and he said okay and left then I later discovered that in the menu there are several kinds of nachos.. Which one did he think I want? so I had to chase him and tell him before he gets me any kind of nachos.
As I was paying, I told him thank you have a nice day and he responded k thanks. Very very dry and honestly that really makes me not wanna go back.
I'm new to the area and I drive past this place on my way home. There ALWAYS seems to be a line wrapped around the building. So I was interested in what the heck they were serving to be so popular?! So, naturally I go!!

What I ordered: "The Box" Combo. (4 tenders, cole slaw, fries, tx toast and a drink) paid $8.09 after tax.

To be honest, I was very underwhelmed. I waited 16 mins from the time I entered the drive thru line to when I pulled off (was prepared for a wait though so no big deal)

I thought the chicken was just okay. Not bad, just not amazing. Kind of lacked in flavor to the batter. Was fresh though. 

The sauce was interesting. Kind of like a ranch mixed with a drop of BBQ sauce and a ton of black pepper. But it worked. 

The toast tasted like a toasted hamburger bun to me.

Fries were thin and average--but not bad.

I got the lemonade, which apparently costs extra-- bland in taste. 

I ate all my food,  but I wouldnt come back.
This is a good place to get a drink & study at compared to other coffee shops around the area since other places are way too loud. What I appreciate the most about Illumilatte is that they don't blast their music here. The times I have been here to study it wasn't too busy and noisy or too quiet , it was just right. Although on weekend nights I think it may be loud since it's next door to Cloud 9 and they might have a dj at that time or something. I also like that they have a good variety of seating options here. They have both high and low tables , couches and a huge table in the back w\/ plenty of charging outlets along the walls and even in the tables itself.

Now onto the drinks - not the best but it gets the job done. Iced Americano would be my top choice. I enjoyed their Matchavelli (which is their green tea matcha frappe) too. I wish their drinks were still in glasses though. They use disposable cups now for their drinks unless the drinks are made hot. They also make food items here such as sandwiches I yet have to try. Workers are super friendly. Wi-fi password is on their receipt.
Amazing sushi. I got the bbq squid as an appetizer, perfectly cooked and lightly seasoned. The portion was plentiful. The soft shell crab was sweet and incredible. A little dissapointed they were out of the toro and the uni, but in my mind i figure it was fresh so they dont order a lot of it, so thats good. The red clam sashimi was clean and fresh.  Interior was clean and the staff was friendly. Prices were very fair for the cuisine and the quality, plus $3 regular rolls on tuesday and wednesday. The plating was beautiful.  The house salad was fresh and dressing was fantastic. All the sushi was fresh and high quality!  It was so good I got take out for later!
2 hour wait 
2 receptionists and one doctor.
Doctor takes 15 min breaks in between each patient 
Not recommended if issue is urgent.. 
Woke up feeling super nauseous and dizzy, came here waited 2 hours and by the time the reception called me the problem was long gone.. 
Reception is ignorant.. If i could rate zero stars i would
Ordered 30 pieces, ate them all in one go. Lots of fish, tasty sticky rice and quick service. Definitely will try again.
Anjelita did a great job and gave me a great deal! Really cool atmosphere too!
Great price great location.  Clean room. Helpful staff.  The only complaint is the laundry room was out of order and we were there for a week for  baseball tournament
Three stars only for the homemade pasta!  I'm never going to be satisfied by Pasta Barrilla again :(

I tried the gnocchi which I usually hate but was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  I also had the spaghetti with a simple tomato sauce that was likewise delicious. Salads were well dressed but nothing to write home about.  I shared the sea bass in an olive tomato sauce.  Delicious but very pricy ($90).  The seafood here is served by weight so you gotta be careful about how much you order.

Service was great once we got past the snotty hostess.  (Despite the snotty hostess, we got seated at the best table in the house - Steve Wynn's table!)  Desserts were fantastic.  Just be ready to shell out $$$.
We HIGHLY recommend Adams Fiberglass. Our near 60 year old tub was looking really rough, but their crew came in made it look new again. That is only half the story, as their customer services is outstanding. Chris, the owner came to review the work that had been done, and asked why we did not originally select a non-slip surface. After discussing how we would be using the tub, he said it would be better to have the non-slip, and he came back to do the work. 

Our tub went from an embarrassment to something we can be proud to show off. All thanks to Adams Fiberglass. And we are more than happy to recommend this great company to anyone.
I really wanted to like it, as the setting is great, the service is friendly, and the selection of food and drinks is rather large. 

Unfortunately that is where the exciting part ends, as the food is rather mediocre. 

I had maple chipotle chicken wings and fish pie, with the wings being meh at best (not exactly sure how does chipotle come into the picture - seems like there was a bit of maple syrup based sauce and that's it). The fish pie looked great, but that's about it - it tasted like an overly hot chowder style soup. 

The only great part of the meal was the chocolate cupcake with salted caramel, mascarpone and berries. 

May return for a quick beer, when it gets warmer outside.
Good diversity in their menu and super fast. Ordered the Chicken Veracruz and thought it was really good. A nice blend of ingredients. I would put the Alfredo Montamore as average to above average. Obviously the chicken is pre-cooked and you can kind of tell. The tomato basil bisque was great too and hit the spot on a colder day. A pretty good fast casual option, will be back.
Sun Devil Liquors is a really interesting place because the upstairs is a really large liquor store and the basement is a great lounge and beer\/wine bar.

Wine Bar- They serve everything downstairs that they sell upstairs plus you can open any bottle of wine you buy or buy beer by the bottle from the fridges down there. They also recently installed 8 beer taps where they constantly switch out great craft beers (but be careful because some of them have high alcohol contents).

Price- The prices are good for any drinks purchased by the glass or bottle.  Any of the craft beers on tap might seem somewhat expensive but remember that most of them are pretty strong and are all really great beers. Normal prices for beer on tap are normally from $5 to $7 for a pint.

Lounge Area- In the basement next to the wine bar is a great lounge where they have art shows for local artists every few months. Great area to relax on the plush couches and to see some great art. 

Art Shows- Every time they have a new art opening, they do great drink specials (which change each time) and sometimes will have bands play.  Make sure to stop by on these nights for some great drinks at good prices.

Come to Sun Devil and go downstairs to get some really good beer on tap plus great specials on wine pours and flights of craft beer. Also, get on their mailing list so you know when the new art shows are happening.
I just got a combo that included their classic burger, french fries that I switched for sweet potato fries, and a milk shake. Their classic burger was okay, the other burgers on the menu looked more tasty. 

The sweet potato fries were amazing!! I definitely recommend them! And their milkshakes were heavenly. 

I wouldnt go out of my way to eat here but if you're already staying at the mirage its a good place to grab some lunch.
I've been a long time customer of this chain for several years. No matter the store location they are very helpful and courteous.
Alex assisted me in getting the process started with tire replacement. He was very nice.
My replacement price is was reasonable-more than what I expected but necessary. I would recommend coming here and if on Saturday come when they open bc the wait is about an hour and a half. 
The staff works very well together and they greet each customer that walks in the door. My first stop was at NTB Davis Lake location and I walked out after a gut feeling that that place wasn't going to take care of my situation -along with not being properly greeted
In town from Baltimore and happy to find out that this bar hosts the local Ravensl fan club. Turned out to be a great spot to view the game. Friendly staff. Food was very good.. Recommend the nachos.
I juat moved into my aparyment and love it.
Simply a wonderful experience.   After numerous failed attempts to get a nanny during the day, happy kids came to the rescue.  Janell who runs operation took my call and gave me confidence that her company and the specific nanny would take care of my kids.  The nanny was on time, prepared and professional on arrival.  She took great care of my 6 and 9 year old for 5 hours.   The kids reported having a great time with her.  In fact, their only complaint was that I came back too soon!  I would absolutely recommend this service!   Janell called me to follow up shortly after the nanny left.   Great customer service.  As a bonus the rates were very competitive.
I had a flat tire in the winter after a recent snow storm. Since I was planning on driving out of town that day I called AAA who said it may that them up to 4.5 hours to come help me change to my spare tire. So I called another 8-10 tire places around and Maurice and Sons was the only place that were available to help. They came to me within half an hour and changed the flat to the spare right away. I followed them to the store and they replaced my flat tire which no longer functioned with a used tire in good condition and I was on my way out of town within an other hour. I am very please with their service and speed. Would definitely recommend this place for someone in need tire rescue!
Compliments to the chef! This place is amazing! We'll be coming here every Vegas trip! It's attached to Sapphires (don't worry family folks, it's family friendly!). Guacamole and queso fundido were the best I've had. Amazing food and great atmosphere. Thanks guys, we'll be back!
Aquesta és la millor carn a Las Vegas! Vaig tenir un gran temps per menjar amb els amics al pati. Meravellós, que recomano encaridament.
Decent food & that's where my compliments end. 

When it comes to sushi, I have experienced better quality at several other restaurants. The prices are surprisingly low for sushi and that too, in the Yorkville area. We were seated on the second story, and I found the decoration and atmosphere crowded, but more than acceptable. The service however, was terrible.

The waitress was ice cold. She forgot my friend's request for a glass of water twice. After dinner, when two of my friends paid with cash, the waitress did not ask the customary, "do you need any change?". I think that's an important question for good service. Usually, it'll leave the customer feeling thanked, and they end up refusing, but I guess maybe the waitress was too afraid someone would say, 'yes'? 

Anyway, we weren't thanked when we were walking out the door, either and the waitress was simply standing there watching us walk by. 

All in all I would go back if I were in Yorkville with a small budget, empty stomach and low expectations.
Not as rapey as you'd think. We didn't know what to expect down that alley. Totally worth it. 5\/5. And they got bottle flair pour skillz for certain.
Overall, food is ok\/good, but not sure if it's worth the price.  But then again....everything in the Wynn is pretty pricey....so this is actually one of the less pricy restaurants in Wynn with the romantic, dim-candlelight feel.

Appetizer: Ordered the baked clams to share.  Basically breadcrumb-covered buttery clams.  A bit on the savory side, but still a good dish to order.

Main course:  shared the scallops & the meat lasagna.  Between the two, the lasagna was better....it was cooked well (not overly soggy) & the amount of cheese was perfect...not too much.  The scallops were good, but very standard....as in you could get the same flavor\/taste from any restaurant.
We never actually tasted the food because we walked in and no one spoke to us. We found someone walking by and they told us to sit anywhere. The five tables along the wall when you walk in were disturbingly dirty. Dishes covered the tables, and on the floor were half eaten chicken wing bones. It was appalling. We stood and waited for almost 20 minutes for someone to clean the tables, but this didn't happen. After 30 minutes, we finally left. No one had spoke to us nor had they cleaned any of the tables. I can't comment on their food, but if their establishment is this vile, imagine the kitchen.

Thought it was interesting that many other restaurant owners or managers respond to negative comments, but this place just ignores everyone. Exactly as they did when we visited the establishment. Nice.
The NY Strip was so tasteful. My wife and I split one. 2 backed potatoes, dinner salad made fresh at your table and sautéed spinach. Plus 2 beers all for $75! In my top 10 best value premier steak houses.
Made it to Ginger Monkey for the first time on Thursday night for my dog's fourth birthday. Yes, you read that correctly. Moving on...The customer service experience at this restaurant is a rare gem! Everyone was so inviting to my mother, my boyfriend and I, and especially welcoming to my furry son. They were so great about playing along with my antics and even comped his birthday meal. He had ordered the "hambarker helper" off the dog menu, which he said was delicious. ;) The patio is very lovely with plenty of heaters and televisions. As for the food...I honestly wouldn't recommend the meatballs. They were a bit of a miss...But the braised short ribs, the deviled eggs, the duck fat fries, and the caramelized onion flatbread were all very tasty! To top our evening off, the staff even all gathered to sing happy birthday to my spoiled boy. Thanks to the amazing folks at the ginger monkey, we had an amazing evening and an even better story!
Middle top range sushi, great prices.  Prefer to get take-out as the seating space is crazily over-crowded and squished together and there is usually a long line-up out the door with people waiting to sit.  Also, you get a 10% discount if you get take-out.

Love the sushi, love the rolls, especially "Casa Loma" and the bento box deal is fantastic, especially with salmon - there is enough food for two people.
I gave up on this store last year - the prices were never great and the service was repeatedly awful (especially when leaving your guitar for maintenance - don't do it). My advice is not to bother with it. Go to Guitar Center or shop online.
I was extremely impressed with this restaurant, the sushi rolls are unique and creative, the salmon sashimi is fresh. We ordered the Clarkson dinner, the tempura is unbelievable, the chicken teriyaki was cooked to perfection, including the vegetables. 

Servers are intuitive and gave us excellent service.

I've eaten at a lot of GTA sushi restaurants including the ones in the Annex, cannot compare any of them to this. 

My only one complain is that we didn't get free ice cream.

That being said, I will not eat sushi anywhere else in the GTA region again.
grande cheese
551 cityview blvd ( vaughan )

cannot believe my experience at grande cheese.
i ordered food for xmas eve, made sure with them that 5:30 pm was okay to pick-up. they said "yes".
they called me days after and said "no", closing early.
called head office, did not get anywhere with them.  
i understand workers also have to go home to their families for christmas, but they should have confirmed the time before taking my order.  
head office should have been more helpful and not argue with me. 
not a place that is reliable to order from.
As a pilot I get to stay in a lot of hotels and this one is very low on my list. Small rooms, very complicated hotel design. It took me a while to even find my room. The Wifi fee is $22 for premium internet, that's a little crazy. I've stayed in most of the hotels on the strip and this is by far the lowest quality.
This is the hotel where most Asians stay at.  I guess it's because they got that lion statue going on and we, Chinese, think lions protect us.  Damn the superstitions. 

Two beds in a room is good enough for ... say, 6-7 ppl.  The beds are cool.  Windows are spacious and nice, overlooking other people's windows.  Dancing drunk in front of it so everyone could see is a must.  Fully clothed, of course.  The bathroom is also spacious and nice.  The tub is VERY comfortable ... I made a bed out of it one drunk night because I didn't want to cramp up with my girlfriends in one of the beds.  One of my friends came in to use the bathroom, unknowingly of my tub-presence, and almost pissed in the tub aka on me.  Thank goodness I wasn't piss-tified because I wouldn't of woken up for I sleep like a baby when intoxicated.
Review is specific to the Buffet.  Visited last night.  Had several items including the Mongolian BBQ.  Woke up in the middle of the night with a horrible case of food poisoning.  Been laying here all day unable to get out of bed for the most part and making trips to the bathroom all day.  

Food was marginal at best for a buffet.  Tried it because it was close to my house.  Won't go down that road again.
I have been to many sushi restaurants including some high end spots with sushi that is top notch but Sushi Zuki really blew me away. Their sushi and sashimi is fresh, I ordered a deluxe combo for under $16 and got an assortment of sashimi and sushi pieces with 8 pieces of a spicy salmon roll. Believe me when I say that every single piece was delicious and the fish was fresh as it gets. Not to mention the decor inside is elegant and the service was spot on. If you're in the neighborhood check this place out, you will not be disappointed. Cheers!
BEWARE GLASS IN FOOD!!!!!   NEVER NEVER COMING BACK this was mine and my hubbys fav restaurant we hadnt gone in a while we took my parents and i was very disappointed  the food was not good my dad  had the 7 mares and barely ate anything it was that bad then while i was eating my food i felt something at fist i though it was dirt from the shrimp then i took another bite and felt it again bigger i took it out AND IT WAS A PICE OF GLASS!!!!!!!!! IN MY FOOD I HAD ATE GLASS!! i was so mad i told the horrible waitress and she did not even apologize! our order was 83$  dint even got a discount for eating dam glass horrible place never coming again i dont need shitty service nasty food high prices and GLASS IN MY FOOD ID GIVE IT 0 stars if i could!
Why did I not yelp this company in the first place! Waste of time and energy...couldn't get a call back, when I did they couldn't follow through. Now I'm having to start over to find a solution to my windows. Waste of time! 
Do yourself a favor, call a company that wants to work...
At the age of 51 i was looking at the prospect of purchasing my first home.  I was terrified as i did not know what to expect both financially and legally.  I had a great realtor and Avery as my mortgage broker.  From the first phone call, Avery made me feel comfortable and never let me get to the freak out stage.  He was very attentive and responsive.  I was able to call or text him outside of normal business hours and he always responded.  I honestly believe he kept me from having a meltdown.  He explained everything in terms i could understand and kept me informed at all times as to what to expect and what the next step would be.  There were times he would call me just to see how i was doing and ensure i wasn't stressing out.  If purchasing a home could be considered painless...Avery made that happen.  I have already referred several friends and coworkers to him and if you need somebody to help you get a mortgage...Avery is your guy, he makes you feel like family.  I could not have done this and kept my sanity without him.
Love this office! My daughter has been terrified of the Drs. office, but since transferring here, she doesn't seem to mind going. Dr. Lokey is very friendly and is great with my kids. She always takes time to answer all of my 3 year olds questions and always makes her feel important. The staff is friendly and they have always gotten us in quickly when my kids are sick. I thought a group practice was the way to go, but am glad I ventured out and found these guys!
The food here was disappointing.  I could easily make any of it at home with very little effort. Completely over-priced.  Don't waste your time or money.

I didn't even taste the goat cheese in the Spinach & Goat Cheese Croquettas.  At first I thought the romesco sauce was bland but it grew on me.  The Salpión de Cangrejo (crab with cucumbers, peppers, tomatoes, cauliflower and sherry dressing) was OK but it's simple and the sherry dressing was on the bland side.  After that I ordered the olives and pickled garlic and Serrano ham & Manchego cheese because I knew the chef couldn't ruin them.  

The frozen almond nougat desert was strange.  The crunchy part tasted like cold cereal.

Two stars for the service.
This is a must if you like East coast NYC style thin crust giant pizza slices. I ordered a plain cheese, plus a half n half hawaii (kids idea not mine) + Americano which is meat\/veggies. First off I had no idea how truly huge a 20" pizza really is. Two adults four kids two pizzas we easily fed everybody with tons left over. Sauce excellent, enough sauce too not skimpy like some places, plenty of cheese and the crust is done in some kind of brick \/ masonry oven because it had a very nice, very slight char some places which we like. We'll be back no doubt about it.
This place is absolutely crap. First off the location is not in a convenient place. It is directly off a busy turn making it hard to get to. The parking lot is very small and accident prone. The handicap spots are in random spots with no logic whatsoever. Typically they are located in particular spots to help make it convenient for them and given more space. 

Once you arrive you'll see it is an old take out burger joint with the take out drive through lane still marked. When you go in, it's rather modern but the layout is very odd. I was seated right between a pole and a wall, being blocked. 

I ordered pho, as usual, but found the soup VERY bland. The soup was too clear to be true but still loaded in MSG enough to make me desperate for water. There was limited meat and the Dac Biet did not have much variety of meat in it. Good thing is the large is pretty large but the small is super small.

The owners or staff thought it would be fun to raise the volume mid way through our meal. I mean Boyz II Men is great but I don't need you to blare out Motown Philly, especially when there are customers trying to eat.

I entered in with 5 people and when I left there were 0.

I do NOT recommend going here, unless you plan on just trying it and writing a bad review, then i highly recommend it. 

1 out of 5 stars for me... only because I cannot submit 0.
Don't be mislead they stop taking customers at 130 am even though they close at 2 am. Lady wouldn't even understand the traffic situation outside. Will not come here again.
Tasty and fresh. The ordering process can be a bit confusing and takes time to get used to but it's worth it. Tomato soup and fontina grilled cheese was perfect for cool cloudy day. Caesar salad was also good. Disappointed they were out of the mango tea but they have a few tea options to choose from (personally choose to go back to basic unsweetened ice tea). Would LOVE if stevia was sweetener option. I'll be back. My husband on the other hand, doesn't love their sandwiches and prefers to join only on a buy one coupon occasion.
Very friendly at the drive-thru and an awesome Blizzard right around the corner from us. What else could you ask for?
We really wanted to like this place and arrived with my brother's family (real Clevelanders who love the city and are wonderful folks), but try as we might this place took the evening to a lower level! I've never been to a rodeo but figure I now know what it is like to wrestle a steer after tussling with my steak which came out saddle tough and as tasty as said saddle! The frites were ok but what amateur can't cook a spud! Wine and beers not crafted at the restaurant are simply a choice of vendors. Next, my wife--being a little price conscious, and this place for what they do is way out of line on the pricing--opted for one of her favorite dishes which is a beet salad! Who can disappoint with a beet salad? Well we found out who! Not only was the beet salad a disappointment for the price but it was actually an insult to my wife and certainly an embarrassment for whoever put it on a plate and approved it actually being served in public! It was served on a large plate and we knew it was a large plate because we could see the entire plate except for where a very, very tiny smattering of small beet cubes and slivers, 4 crushed pistachios, 3 USPS stamp sized tears of a green leafy substance that might be lettuce or possibly spinach and 6 paper thin slices of radish rested on the side. At first we thought that it was a joke because of the salad's price and that the waiter must have eaten the actual salad before it arrived but when we realized this was it the laughter ended in stunned silence! We didn't know quite how to take it. Return the plate, literally, sans salad as it arrived sans salad? or continue to think of it as a joke and simply vow never to return to this place again. We took a photo of it and now we have a running family joke and the brunt of the joke is Greenhouse Tavern! Anyway long story short: when in Cleveland do yourself a favor when you walk by the Greenhouse Tavern and feel the pangs of hunger, simply keep on walking to any other restaurant located on this plaza. One star is way too much for this place as it is more like a black hole sucking the life and light out of the evening! Plus the Astros crushed the Indians that night on 6 July 2015! Maybe nothing was going right for Cleveland that night!! We still love to visit Cleveland but only hope that the Greenhouse Tavern will shutter their doors and upgrade the city dining experience! My take away is the half eaten whole pig's head at the table next to us with its toothy grin mocking me silently getting the last laugh!
I really like Barnes and Noble especially now that Borders is closed.

I prefer the one at San Tan village - being that it is 2 stories and more books.

This one is good, but not great. Normally I have to interrupt staff talking to get help to look for something...
Great food and even better service!  Very attentive and friendly!  Chicken parm sub was delicious and the fresh chips were warm from the fryer!  

The gluten free pasta tasted like the real thing...and the vodka sauce, YUM!
This star is solely based on our mattress experience. We actually got a great dining room set.... BUTTTTTT:
The mattress we purchased hurt so bad after 30 days I decided to just buy a sealy (so now I'm out $1200). They didn't want to return or exchange it. So don't waste your money on mattresses here. 

But If you want a cheap couch or dining set or maybe some side tables they're good.
Wow I am so happy I found this bakery! I needed 200+ cookies custom with music notes  made in less then 48 hours and they filled my order and kept my costs low! The ladies not only filled my order but they added a few more cookies to boot! The bakery in itself is cute and I am loving the mini pies they have to offer. if there were more than five stars I would give it to them! happy happy happy
I love Target so this one is no different. I did however make the mistake of going on a Saturday and getting a parking space was almost like an episode of Survivor. People were driving very crazy and someone almost backed into my car. I will stick with my favorite Target near my home.
I'm from California and consider myself a sushi snob but this place was the best!!!!

The nigiri salmon was melt in your mouth good.

The screaming O sashimi is served on a bed of shredded daikon and was A-MAZ-ING! spicy garlic tuna sashimi was also really good. 

If you want something different, try the apple roll.
This is without a doubt the best Mexican food I have ever had. Every bite was fresh full of flavor! The service was excellent and our glasses never went empty. The head chef Paco visited our table and was very kind and personable. He gave us complimentary flan and it was incredible! I don't even like flan but it was one of the best desserts I have ever had. We will be visiting here every time we are in Vegas! Don't let the fact that it is connected to a strip club discourage you from going. It has its own separate entrance. I give this place 5 stars in every category and I wish I could give it 10 stars on the food!!
This is an "Eh' Target location. They get major props for their excellent women's clothing section. Generous racks of clearance and regular priced items. There is also a pretty sweet Starbucks with friendly staff.

The grocery section leaves much to be desired. It's not a SuperTarget so the grocery aisles are quite abbreviated and really tight to get down. I'm a pretty small person and I went down the cereal aisle with a cart and I was the only one who could (barely) comfortably fit down it.

The other departments in home and beauty are also pretty small. This location is best left for running in and out, not made for 'getting-lost-in-the-aisles' shopping.
I'm not sure how I've worked downtown for years and never knew about this place.  It's a great little place to get good food fast - at an incredible price.  I tried the chicken fingers and fries.  They were piping hot and more than I could eat.  I already have plans to go back with friends.
I was in the Chinatown area and needed to do some banking.  I stopped here at the drive through ATM.  The only problem is the area is like a maze.  You have to drive to the back, make a U, and then come up to the ATM.

Getting out on Spring Mountain is iffy at best.  Then I found out I could exit via Arville.  Another time if I stop here again.
I really like their coconut shrimps & baked biscuits. Grilled fish & steamed lobsters are good too.  
I would pass on soup & salad. 
Comfy interior. Nice servers. Good for family gatherings.  But i wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Nice chilled out hidden gem spot in the mount. Would def go back someday. Service was excellent an me an tge wife enjoyed our date night out. Reasonably priced food as well
Orlando was very helpful and I was there a couple of times and he was very patient, I had trouble making up my mind what to order.  They have quality products and good customer service for all other people that work there.  I'm very happy with the pavers I bought for my patio re-do.
Let me start by saying this is the first time I've ever written a negative review for any business. 

I'm a business owner myself so I try to give every one the opportunity to remedy a bad situation. I waited 2 weeks for Dana to do as she promised but I ended up wasting my time. She lied to me twice and that's why I felt the need to share my experience...

I met with the owner Dana at my house. She is a very nice lady. I felt she was very professional and went over little details about the job she and her team performs.  

I told her I already had a lady that cleans my house every month but I would give her other homes because I am a property manager. 

So I hired her for a 2 bedroom condo. It was a condo that needed to be vacuumed, dusted, broom swept and mopped. Basic cleaning that I normally pay 80-100 dollars for. She went to the condo and said it would cost $110. Okay, I agreed. It's only $20-30 more but I didn't mind because I wanted to give her a try. 

After she was done. I told her to come to my house and I left a envelop with cash under my door mat because Dana wanted cash only. No problem.  This was our first business dealing so I understand she didn't want to mess around with checks that might bounce. 

The next day I went to the condo and I hate to say it but the floors were not cleaned. The stove was not cleaned. There was a dead Roach on the counter top. And the carpets were not vacuumed. How could anyone accept this? (Please see photos attached)

So I called and asked Dana if she could come back? She said no problem, she will send someone Monday at noon. I called the Tenant to arrange the time out of their schedule to be there to let her in. Monday at noon arrives and no Dana. 

I texted Dana what happen? She said," I will refund you the money, find someone else to clean it! "

Wow, okay, thanks for not notify me sooner and making my Tenants waste their time meeting you back at the property for nothing. 


So here we are , having to hire another company, and pay twice to have this condo cleaned. Dana still will not return my phone call\/ text or return the money she promised. (Please see the photos attached)

I'm not really bother by the money but what pisses me off is how Dana lied to me and my Tenant.  Wasted our time and didn't keep her word... It's a shame because I thought she was really nice...
Great place .  Great atmosphere.  Great food. Its VEGAS BABY...What is can I say. The decor is wonderful the staff is on point. If your looking for great sushi this is the spot.. But make sure you bring $$$$
We drive 11 miles each way to get the best Chinese food in the East Valley. The restaurant is small, clean, and the owners are polite and very helpful. The food is always fresh and The portions are large. We've always picked up our food and take it home because the restaurant is tiny. In the five or six times we've been there we've never had a bad meal. They have a large American menu or you can order off their Chinese menu with dishes that you've never heard of.  If there is a dish that you like offered spicy they can make it so it's not spicy for you. My husband and I have been to China and I can tell you this is the most original and most like real Chinese food that I've had in it since I've been living in Arizona.
Stopped in for a famed Ivan's corn beef sandwich. As advertised - very good, priced fair, quick delivery. Good place for a quick bite. The dining area is very basic and clearly a mom-pop locally owned shop. I will return again if I'm in the area.
Yay 500th review. The best place to get Indian food in the valley we come here often and it is a always delicious. The vindaloo is very yummy. Everything is prepared well and the atmosphere is inviting. The staff is very pleasant and the specials are great.
This was by far the best experience I have ever had buying a car. From the moment I walked into Towbin Dodge they were very busy, but they still stopped to greet me, and they made me feel like I was their only customer. I first worked with Leo and J.T. who were awesome let me say, and finished the process with Melissa Maldonado who was absolutely amazing! She was able to find rebates and incentives for me that other dealers could not. I even brought the quote to other dealers in the area and they couldn't even come close to Melissa's offer. I am positive I will not buy a car from anywhere else except for Towbin Dodge, or ANYONE else except for Melissa. Thank you Towbin Dodge for the wonderful car buying experience and best prices in town!
I called and Dawn helped me set up my tow, and told me I was next to be helped as her guy was finishing a tow right now. She called when the driver was 20 minutes away and he showed right about on time. He was incredibly nice and friendly and even played with my dog a bit before getting to work. It took maybe 15 minutes from getting there to paperwork to driving away. It was a flat fee of $70 when everyone else I called wanted $100-$125. Thank you Bell Towing for your kindness and professionalism!
I went to Fantastic Sams  looking for a trim and Margaret  did the job. She only took about 5 minutes. About a month later I wanted to dye my hair maroon red so I went back to Margaret. When we were talking, she asked me if I had kids and I said yes, a daughter.  She also asked me if I had a babysitter because I told her I don't have family here and I said no, "I don't trust anybody babysitting my daughter unless their family". So she told me that she will babysit while me and my husband go out and that she will come to my house and I can't go to hers. Lets not forget I don't know this lady. She kept pressuring me to watch my daughter and wanted me to take down her number.  So then I just completely ignored her. Margaret, if someone tells you  NO it's a NO.  When it was all done, I had different shades of red, orange, black and brown. She told me how it looked so nice when it didn't. It looked like some one just threw different shades of color in my hair!  She told me if I wanted to do it over again I can for free. I mentioned to her that I will be away on vacation, she said it was fine. 

A week and a half later she acted like she didn't know who I was and didn't want to do it. So she finally did after I was speaking to her for a while. (She just got annoyed because I didn't leave the salon) While she was dyeing my hair she was rushing because she wanted to give other people hair cuts. When she was done dyeing my hair she put me underneath a dryer to make the process faster. She also told me to "rub in the color". I said NOO!!! You do it. After she washed my hair, it turned out orange!!!!! And on top of that my long hair was completely damaged! I went to Boulavard salon on las vegas blvd to cut it shoulder length!! I will never come here again!!! Margaret  is soo unprofessional!
Fabulous dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday!   We were treated like royalty.  We sat at a table just off the kitchen with an incredible view of all the talent in the kitchen and a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Mario (the GM) was so gracious.  Noe (the sommelier) was hysterical and kept us laughing all night long.  Thank you to everyone at Scarpetta that helped create incredible memories for our group of five.
We have tried several different Korean BBQ places in the Vegas area (even other 4-5 star establishments)...and I would say this place is very good!  Lots of sides but the best part is the quality of the meats.  Just amazing! Service is great as well.  This is our go-to place for Korean BBQ.  We continue to come here and the quality does not change...and service is always good.  We did come on Valentine's Day as well...they were very busy, but still managed to give us good service.  I would say that day wasn't a 10 (like all the other times), but they were very busy...and we didn't mind because the staff all looked very focused....they were trying.  
Anyway...definitely recommend this place to everyone.  For us, we bring all of our visiting friends...pretty much the first recommendation we give to most asking about Korean BBQ. 
Enjoy!!
AWESOME food. Burgers, truffle fries, and onion rings are amazing. Paul is a fantastic server. BurGR is by far the best burger place I've been to. BurGR totally met my expectations. Thanks Gordon Ramsay!
Really good... I would say pretty close to the food we ate in Spain.
My friend and I sat outside. Patria has a gorgeous patio with flickering candles and comfy seats. I am still dreaming of the Marcona almonds. 
Sangria was amazing, too. I would go back in a heartbeat.
I'd heard so much about this place, and decided to finally check it out one night. It took more than 5 minutes to be greeted by a host at the door, as she was busy serving as well. The waiter we had, told us about the specials, but mixed up details, so when we ordered one of the specials that he said came with scallops, it showed up with clams instead. 

The appetizer, which was chicken pate, was good, but the presentation was poor, and the crisps were not suitable for it, with massive holes in the centre of each from poor baking and limited actual spreading surface. We also had the gnocchi and the seafood linguini. The gnocchi was over-run with rosemary, and the portion was very small.  Again, presentation lacking. The linguini was under-flavoured, and came with 3 shrimp and a few clams, which on their own seemed to have not been seasoned what-so-ever. The linguini noodles themselves were light and delicate, but the sauce was nothing special (I've had better at East Side Mario's), and again, the portions were very small. Had they offered a 5 course menu, the portions would have made sense to me, from what I've experienced at other restaurants of this nature. 

We ended up being served by THREE different waiters by the end of the evening, which I've never had happen in a restaurant of this level before. Not once were we made to feel special that evening. We didn't even want to order dessert, which we'd been initially looking forward to, because we were so put off by the experience. We had heard this place was all about charm, but there was nothing charming about our dinner experience at Grace.

(Review X-Posted from Martiniboys.com)
The entrance is gorgeous. Outside there's a ton of trees that line the top of the building and it's beautiful when it lights up at night. The main entrance is also a sight to see, with waterfalls, fish, a cage with parrots, super high ceilings painted like clouds; this reminds me of the Venetian hotel in Vegas with the indoor village that is made to look like you're outside in a town in Venice. We sat in the aquarium room, which I've heard is the nicest. One entire wall has a built in aquarium with various types of fish. It wasn't bad, but it looked like it was in need of some cleaning with the semi couldy water. The place was ram packed. I think all of Brampton was there that night. Thank god we booked a table in advance because the line was out the door!

The buffet is good for what it is; westernized Chinese food. If your a fan of that, then you know not to expect "authentic" Chinese food as these dishes are made for buffets and have a generic taste to suit everyone's pallet. Nothing wrong with that, but I prefer ordering from a menu where I can customize and more effort is placed on that ONE dish, instead of a dish to feed the masses. 

They do put forward a huge selection to suit everyone, I must say. The buffet price is not cheap, so keep the carbs at a minimum. My favs that night were: crab legs (SO sweet! Oh and lady at the next table with 2 plates piled with a foot of crab legs...this is a buffet and clearing out the tray outside is not necessary!), mango salad was sweet and spicy, the green beans were also spicy and cooked well, grilled steak was tasty, prime rib was a bit overcooked for me, but it was still pretty soft and tastes awesome with chili currant sauce, torpedo shrimp was extra crispy and piping hot, glazed salmon was very moist and flaky, curry chicken had a good flavor (Chinese curry, not west Indian\/Indian), Kung pao chicken wasn't bad either, black pepper steak was very well seasoned, macaroni salad taste was reminiscent to something from my childhood that I liked. These offerings stretched me to two plates with a bit of each. Kudos to those that pile their plates high and finish them!

Dessert was really good. Chocolate covered strawberries, waffles\/whipped cream\/strawberries (I cut off 1\/2 a waffle), creme brûlée was bloody good, creme caramel was alright, strawberry shortcake, rum balls, chocolate ice cream, tiramisu....yup that's what I had. And I'd do it again.

There's a lot of other selections that's there that I haven't even mentioned. It's worth a try, and honestly it's a Chinese buffet not a Michelin star rated restaurant so bear that in mind before passing judgement. I think they go above and beyond in decor, service, and food quality. I am so hungry now!
Great location, Front Desk Staff were very personable. Be prepared to hear fireworks from PNC Park it is right across the river. There is a parking deck across the street with very reasonable rates. My husband and I had a great time here.
Very basic resturant you can find in India at every corner. Apart from that very poor customer service. The only thing that is good is I think the size of portion served
This place is my got to spot for eating chat and samosas. And I really love their batura it's really authentic. Although service could have been a little quicker.
Fresh, fresh, fresh, and creative flavors! How on earth do you pick just one? You don't have to! You get to pick several flavors - now THAT's my kind of service. I opted for the combination that Devon suggested: yuzu and hibiscus, what he calls yubiscus.  Wonderful combo that is light and refreshing. Can't wait to try the others!

BTW, a fridge holds little packages of goodness that can be taken home. Cool!
We took our labrador retriever to be treated for cancer to Dr. Hershey as she came highly recommended.  

We had a very negative experience. On numerous occasssions phone calls were not returned, prescriptions were incorrect. We waited at least 30 minutes for our appointments and sometimes over an hour. And to top it off, when our dog suddenly died we didn't get a call or a card from Dr. Hershey or her practice. Keep in mind we spent thousands of dollars at this clinic. We recieved cards and calls from 2 other vet clinics that treated our dog. We know Dr. H knew what happened as she was on the phone with the emergency clinic.

I will never recommend this clinic to anyone.
I will never go back to HMCR; I will never recommend HMCR to anyone. 
I went on a Groupon and it still wasn't worth it -don't think I'd go again if it were free. They only offer appointments 3 days a week and some on Saturdays. If that wasn't challenging enough, my appointment was rescheduled twice accommodating their own schedule! Their only saving grace is Barbara - she sets the appointments and is pleasant. However, Peter, the massage therapists will talk to you the ENTIRE massage and continuously try to up-sell you on packages while you're on the table! There is no escape.
Just such a friendly, helpful shop. Right down the street from my house, so I have stopped in numerous times when I have bike issues\/questions. They go out of their way to help, and have done lots of things (fixing the clips on my shoes, helping me replace a tire valve, etc.) at no cost. They explain things clearly, never rush you, or pressure sell you on anything, never give attitude or act condescending if you are a bike novice. Just a great local business!
The food was REALLY good. I had the bi bim bob and it was delicious. I also tried the bulgogi was really good. The  Food came out super fast! Will be back. It may look like a hole in the wall but i am telling u. Thia ia good stuff.
I was referred to Ricardo Moving by a neighbor who said they were cheap, legit and good. This was my first time using a moving company, and I was scared after reading horror stories of companies that overcharged, mistreated furniture, and wasted time. I was also put off by some companies charging a large travel fee, or a 3 hour minimum, despite the fact I was moving from a small 1 bedroom, less than 2 miles away. I trust my neighbors, so I went with Ricardo Moving, and I'm so glad I did. They were on time, pleasant, and did not waste any time loading everything up. They didn't cut corners though, everything was loaded with care, and even my most fragile items were undamaged. The rate was what we expected- no surprise charges. I would definitely use Ricardo Moving in the future, and recommend it to anyone moving.
Ok, so I waited to the last to eat Indian food and It pains me so to say that I was not all impressed. First off, the name of the restaurant has changed. That sort of threw me off. Second, the bathroom toilet was not working and the trash right next to the toilet was stuffed with diapers and maxi pads. It was very unappealing. The wait staff was nice but I believe he was sick since he was coughing profusely. He did not wash his hands as often as he coughed into them. An investment in hand sanitizer is highly recommended. In regards to my meal, it was good. Tasted like Indian food we have in America. Nothing special and not what I was looking for.
Awesome thick cut fries with variety of sauces. Have been there thrice in the last one month and each time, we have been happy with the quality of fries and service.
This is one of the best car washes you can get for your money\/time. For $8-$10 you can get a car wash where they actually dry your car off for you! I've tried a lot of those car washes in the valley and their dryers suck and you're stuck doing it yourself! These guys do an awesome job and it was quick too. And I tipped the guys a few bucks too, well worth it. Will be coming back!
Weird & Delicious.  

I never quite know what I'm eating, but it tastes great, and it's hearty.  And I usually feel pretty good after I eat it, which is more than I can say for Chipotle. 

I always get the daily special, which comes with their greens.  And their greens are the best thing I've ever eaten.  I don't know what kind of "greens" I'm eating, and I can't figure out all the flavors, but they sure are tasty.

This seems like the kind of place that would take a while to get your food together, but no!  I've never waited more than 10 minutes.  

The woman at the counter is sweet and soft-spoken, but, even if she wasn't, I'd still go here, because this food is MAGIC.
Ken was so awesome! He went above and beyond to solve a computer issue that would have otherwise made me lose out on the tax credit I was supposed to get. This tax credit was $139!
Thanks again Ken!
Stopped in here with my brother and wow, what a gem. The house is maximized for the most tables the atmosphere is great. They do have their own surface lot if you're lucky enough to nap a spot. The house sits on an overlook providing the best view in Tremont. We ordered the brussel sprouts, shrimp,  and my entree was the spring risotto. It was very good and the marscapone was a unique touch for the cheese. I highly recommend Fat Cats for the food and atmosphere inside and the view outside.
Whenever we visit this lovely Thai restaurant it is always busy, I guess this has to be an indicator of how great this place really is.


 Me and my other half always end up here on special occasions and make an effort to dress smartly. The staff are dressed in traditional outfits and are polite and courteous from the moment you are greeted at the door.


 The tables are presented with fresh orchids and Thai music is softly played in the background. We are always amazed how intricately the salad is cut into fancy flower shapes. Our favourites include the Thai fishcakes and the sesame prawn toasties, although all the food we have eaten has been of the highest quality and you can taste the fresh ingredients.


 It'll probably be an expensive evening out but definitely worth it!
Good pace to life here. Things beginning to show wear and tear though, many walls are in a state of disrepair. Beautiful new clubhouse called Presidio recently added. Good place to raise children. Really only complete negative would be the refusal to add a pickleball facility. Nice golf course while not really part of the community, is located inside of it.
My family and I were severely disappointed with this steakhouse. We came in around 1pm, the middle of lunch service, with a Restaurant.com coupon. The hostess was pleasant and we were seated promptly and addressed by the waitress as to the salad bar and how a Brazilian steakhouse works. 

The salad bar has the Brazilian essentials: traditional cheese bread, soggy from the steamer, a rotating pasta surprise that tastes from a can or bottle, cheap deli cold cuts in place of the Brazilian meats and your standard salad fixings and dressings.

If you were expecting to enjoy meat at this steakhouse, prepare to be severely disappointed as the servers come along very infrequently. The meat itself seems to be either rare-blue or cooked to death. Their beef, both sirloin and tri tip, was both seared to a crisp on the outside and almost blue-raw inside. The chicken drumsticks are covered in leather-like skin and the "house-made pork sausage with fennel and garlic" is a gritty, dry hunk of regular American breakfast sausage that makes a McSausage look tasty. 

The only saving grace about the food at Pampas is the roasted pineapple, which was delicious and sweet.

Onto the service, the waitress ignored our table for the bulk of our 2 hour meal. She ignored our requests for more napkins and water, despite us directly addressing her. All the while, she made great conversation will the table next to ours, laughing and joking more than the next three tables combined. When she did finally bring us one refill of water to the carafe, it was clearly tainted. The water was sour and smelled like gasoline. Because of our waitress' negligence, we had to ask once of the other servers for fresh water, which as expected, never came. 

Finally, we weren't going to waste any more time with our waitress and were going out to pay at the hostess station when she scurried over to let us pay for our meal. No pleasantries, no apology for the tainted water, just swipe the card, throw the receipt at us and walk away. This was the worst meal and restaurant I have ever been to in Las Vegas. The price is high for you to just fill up on canned pasta and bread to just be ignored.
Service was impeccable. Food was very good! Ambiance was lovely. It was a very enjoyable evening.
I found Jin Hee while browsing for vendors for my daughter's 1st birthday party.  I remember stumbling on her Facebook page around 2am in the morning.  Once I saw the photos of her cakes online, I knew immediately that I had to hire her.  We had two separate events which required her skillful baking techniques.  The first was for our daughter's "Smash Cake" photo session & the second was for our daughter's 1st birthday party.  I emailed Jin Hee photos of my daughters outfits prior to both dates and she was able to match and coordinate the colors on the cake perfectly.  Most of our exchanges were over email, because with a 1 yr old, all my prep took place at the weee hours of the night.  Jin Hee was always prompt to respond to emails, a major plus in my book.  

"Smash Cake":  For the smash cake I dressed my daughter in a onesie with multi color polka dots.    I really didn't have any design thoughts for this cake, so we let Jin Hee surprise us.  The only part that we were involved with was choosing the strawberry filling and vanilla crème. Jin Hee  surprised us with matching cake that had polka dots & a large number #1 that was perfect for pictures.  Our family enjoyed the cake after the shoot once we brought it home.  At first glance, I thought it was a fondant cake, but soon realized that it was smoothed to perfection with buttercream.  It was soo tasteful that I want to say we probably ate half the cake on the first day 

"1st Birthday Cake": I gave a bit more direction for the 1st birthday cake.  I knew that we wanted a traditional Korean girl doll as the cake topper w\/ a cherry blossom theme to match our backdrop.  Jin Hee styled out the cake and emailed us a pdf of photos that she was going to use for inspiration.  As they say, photos are worth 1000 words. We provided some small recommendations on color and sizing, but that was pretty much it.  Jin Hee accommodated our request to have two separate flavors for each tier of our 2-tiered cake.  We chose the red velvet and green tea w\/red bean filling.  The cake turned out & tasted amazing!! I can only imagine how time consuming it must have been for her to place each delicate little cherry blossom onto the cake.

Looking back, my only regret was not ordering matching cookies as party favors.
I also wish that I had found Jin Hee a few years sooner so I could have hired her to do our wedding cake.  I can't wait to work with Purple Elephant Cake again in the near future!!!.  

Photos Posted
This is definitely a go to spot when I'm in Vegas and if you're in town you should give it a try but that being said I would lean more toward the Mexican side of the menu (not because I'm half Mexican either) and less on the Chinese side. So for the record I love Chinese food...I do live in Alhambra...one of LA County's Asian food Meccas.

I was hearing about how bomb China Poblano's tacos were and I was like "ahhh tacos are tacos"... right? 

NO...not so much. The first time I ordered we ordered Lobster, Carnitas and Chicken tacos. Each taco has it's flavorful meat lay on a freshly made warm tasty corn tortilla. Also, a bit of fresh in house made salsas that are loaded with flavor and not so heavy on spice and some fresh cilantro are added.  I have to say each and every taco I tasted was fantastic. 

However, the stand out star of the show in my humble little opinion is the Carnitas Taco, it is a very succulent braised baby pork meat... but it is topped off with an in house made small fried pork rind. Can I say that after I had that little added crunch in my taco...I thought to myself "why in the hell didn't I think of that". If you've had chips in your sandwich you know what I'm talking about. This extra little crunch make it pop and sets it apart from all other tacos. Ohhh...yum! The freshly made guacamole is so so good, perfectly made and even there chips are very very good and there just chips!

In addition to ordering the tacos the first time we ordered some Chinese food too. I love veggies ...very big on vegetables and among my favorite is eggplant. Naturally I ordered the Dancing Eggplant from menu and the Lemon Pepper Shrimp dish. The shrimp was a little to spicy for me personally but it was fine, nothing to write home about but not bad. 

The only item that went array was the eggplant. I don't understand how anyone could go wrong with eggplant...it is so meaty and absorbs flavor when cooking it like no other veggie. Not only was this the worse eggplant dish I've ever tasted it was the worst tasting food I've ever eaten period! I think it must have been steamed and it was if someone sucked all the flavor and life out of it...nasty. Sorry CP it was bad. Hence the 4 stars instead of 5. However, as horrible as that dish was everything else I've had and every time I've eaten there I enjoy it. 

By the way you can dine in or order take out...and eat it in your room. Oh and it is on the pricey side for tapas style food...but hey it's Vegas :) . Enjoy!
OK experience overall
But when I walked in there was no one at the register and I had to wait a good 4 minutes till' a very chill dude came and took my order very smoothly.
I got the peaches n silk and I couldn't really taste the peach in the smoothie. 
I will still be returning in the future though since it was just one poor experience.
Almost immediate response from ownership with thoughtful and direct feedback to counter my concerns. The debit has balanced out and looks great, though that is a strange and alarming way it goes about that. 

Thanks for your response and comfort. We will likely return with an establishment that cares for it's clientele and responds to concern immediately and effectively.
Came here to spend $50 to get 50 air miles and also use a bunch of coupons which included a $10 off a purchase of $50. Almost everything I wanted was in stock and the staff we very helpful. Cashing out took a while so I was glad that the cashier didn't mind taking her time (since almost every item I bought had a coupon). She was also very interested in knowing how on earth I had so many coupons! It was quiet funny.

I also noticed that they have random amazing sales on cosmetics which is exciting =) (e.g. BOGO lip products or 25% of certain brands)
I don't have a lot of time to go on and on about how great this place is. It's great! The food is always very fresh and I love how the owners actually work there. The couple that runs the place is very caring that the food is always high quality. Worth trying if you like to eat healthy, fresh food.
Locals get it. Tourist don't.
It's classic, elegant, and fun. It's a welcome change from what Vegas has become by always being what its always been. 
The food is decent and the staff share an independent charisma. This is not your Food network celebrity chef B.S. This has been a Las Vegas staple for several decades. Appreciate it for what it is or GTFO! 

Location a problem? You're an idiot. Go home!

You didn't like the presentation? Shut the hell up! You KNOW you paid more, waited longer, and got some bitchy comment from the cashier at that crapyass food truck last week then yelped about how awesome was.

Service sucked? See above comment

I hope this helped you in your assessment of the aforementioned venue and future yelp reviews. Enjoy.
I was absolutely dreading the process of buying a new car though I really wanted one so I did my research and showed up at Centennial Toyota to bite the bullet and get the process started. I asked my boyfriend to come with me for support and I knew he really loved me when he agreed to spend his whole day with me car shopping. Anyway when we got out of the car we were greeted warmly by Jeffrey Green. He was sincere from the very beginning which made me feel at ease. He was very patient and understanding as I made up my mind about the cars I was interested in. I test drove the 2013 Corolla and the 2013 Matrix and decided on the Corolla. He did his best to find the perfect car for me in the right color and the right features. When it was time to talk money we spoke to David who I believe is the sales manager. He worked with me and got me a great deal. He was also very patient as I worked to breakdown the price into pieces that I could grasp. We then moved on to chat with Robert who got us a great deal on an extended warranty. I ended up walking out of there the proud owner of a shiny blue 2013 Corolla! Thank you Centennial Toyota for making this car buying experience an enjoyable. As a matter of fact my boyfriend wants to go back to buy a car for himself from Jeff, David and Robert.
I came here for their summerlicious menu. The food is great but could be amazing or bigger portion for that price. My picky cousin, who went to some Michelin starred restaurants, claims that food is 6-7\/10. The service is great, servers were friendly and always know which order is yours, the knife that I accidentally drop was picked up in a minute. It's a great place to come with a family to celebrate something. However, portions could be bigger or the food could taste amazing.
Great Happy Hour for Las Vegas.  The lunch is also quite nice.  I have been dining here for over a year and I love it.  The decor is a departure from all of the strip mall sushi restaurants.  Waitstaff are on top of their game and the food is consistent.
Most of the items are very good, as with most places one or two items will not be to your liking.  That is normal.  The presentation is always pleasing and the quality of food is as well.
Sign up for their rewards program, the points add up fast!  
One of my favorite dining spots.....
I had the wings stupid fries with brisket. The food and hospitality was on point. The wings were especially delicious, and I consider them among the best wings I've ever had. The brisket fries had good flavor. The chef also showed me the impressive smoking system they have in the back. I appreciated that he was excited to share and talk about how they smoke every morning. I'd give it a five, but I've just had smoked meats from other BBQ joints around the us, and it didn't quite get to that level of some places in Austin and Kansas City, but I am sure they could. Every one that worked there were real friendly and made it a place you want it stay and hang out at.
I took one of my very sick dogs here about 11 years ago.  Both of us were treated exceptionally well, like we were the only ones who mattered.  Unfortunately, my dog only lived a month after the surgery but the veterinarian was very honest with me about possible outcomes. Last week another of my dogs needed emergency surgery.  My vet referred me to a different surgery facility but I did not even call them, I called VCA.  Once again my dog, Hoss, and I were treated like we were the only ones that mattered, even though an emergency with another animal did occur while we were waiting that took precedence over us, I was kept informed and did not feel like I had been forgotten. The front end staff and the techs were welcoming, concerned, and friendly.   Dr. Savicky was friendly and informative.  He explain what needed to be done, what might need to be done, and did not argue with me when I chose not to do somethings such as histopathology.  Dr. Fox followed up with me during the recovery period and answered my questions.  Both doctors made me feel like I was an important part of the process.  I know that cost is a big deterrent to chosing surgery, but both times my dogs needed surgery it was less than the price I limited myself to and this last surgery actually cost me less than the deposit.  That is honest service. This will always be my first choice for emergency pet care.
People and place are nice. I think the acid test of any diner is a good hot roast beef sandwich with gravy. Ordered one and it was anything but hot. Also the roast beef was too rare and turned the bread into a slimy pink mess. Very off putting. Fries were average and gravy was obviously not homemade. Came out of a can or something. Not an impressive selection of pies and cakes. Do yourself a favor and hit Jim and Lou Lou's instead. They make everything fresh as its ordered.
I'm not a latte person, but I've finally joined the Caramel Latte at NJC bandwagon- it is ridiculously amazing! It had to perfect amount of froth and caramel syrup (they make their own syrup), and not overly sweet. I love the atmosphere at the market and baristas are very friendly as well. Since I haven't tried anything else besides the caramel latte, I'll have to update my review later on.
I have been to Pittsburgh several times in the last year and this place is one of my favorites.  Not just because the hot dogs are good and variety or them is pretty good too.  I come just for the beer cave!  Plenty of choice in there and the ability to pick your own is awesome!  It gets pretty packed in there on weekends.  Service is no nonsense.  Best is the beer selection in the cave.  This is the reason for the 4stars.
There aren't enough good things to say about Srey & this salon. There is no other place I will go from now on; I've told all my co-workers about this place and one is ready to schedule her appointment. I went in to cut a lot of length off (I'd guess over 6 inches) this was the best cut I've ever had and Srey was super helpful with what would work for me.

Seriously - if you are even considering a cut in the area: GO HERE!
Stratton dental is the best! They make you feel like family. I was embarrassed to go to the dentist because I hadn't been in awhile and they make you feel so comfortable and you know they are not  judging you. The have the latest technology. Dr. Stratton is just a Great Dentist!
If I was writing this from the perspective of my seven year old niece, who recently had a Birthday Party here, I'm sure she would give it 5*. The kids had a blast with all of the acrobatics, climbing, bouncing galore. 

We were all given ID bands, to protect someone from walking off with the wrong kid. After play time was over, they announced it was her party's time to go to another room where "pizza" awaited. It was about as authentic as one would expect at such a place, but the kids chowed down. The room was VERY hot, even for the grown ups who hadn't been running around. Pizza and soft drinks were replenished, and the girls assigned to our room played some games, brought the cake & kept the party moving. Some of the adults were glad to find wine in the "Parents Lounge." 

A funny moment occurred when I went to use the restroom (I'm rather tall, and was in stilettos) and found a kindergarten sized toilet! I did my balancing act, later finding out only a few were "mini toilets." In all, the kids had a great time, parents visited, the mess was cleaned up. I've already brought her and her BFF back to play another day. Good at what they do. But that "pizza?!!
A great martial arts place for kids and adults alike!!! My husband and son have been studying under Mr. Brewer for some time now and he is awesome!!!!  Proud to say that they are both 1 belt away from becoming black belts!!!  Thanks Mr. Brewer for all your time and effort as their instructor!!!!
We love this place! They have the best burgers in the state, hands down! Great selection of craft beer, nice mixed drinks and the rest of the menu is solid too. We also love the atmosphere, very dark and romantic. Not like any other restaurant you will find in Surprise, I guarantee that!
Awesome atmosphere! Awesome unique bagel sandwich. Steamed who would of thought of this?? So good ! Go get you some !

 
Die Optik ist wie beschrieben, Wände alternieren in Cognac und Weiß, dunkle Holzdecken mit eingelassenen Telefunken-Lautsprechern, die meinen Mann sofort in technologische Nostalgiebetrachtung versetzte, an den Wänden Teppiche, die Beleuchtung hell und eher auf der ungemütlichen Seite. Nicht schick, aber aus der vorgefundenen Inneneinrichtung das Beste gemacht.
 
Uns bot sich auch offenbar insgesamt das selbe Bild, die junge freundliche Bedienung, die Patronin mit MacBook an einem Tisch, auch heute gut besucht und viele Gäste, die die persische Küche anscheinend von zuhause kannten. Acht bis zehn Tische, lebhafte Unterhaltungen, aber da das Restaurant sehr klein und der Abstand zwischen den Tischen trotzdem ok ist, nicht zu laut.
 
Beim Anblick der Speisekarte bestätigte sich, daß mein heutiger Besuch beim Augenarzt notwendig gewesen war, die sehr kleine verspielte Type auf dem laminierten Blatt war eher anspruchsvoll zu entziffern. Das Essen ist weitgehend fleischlastig, allerdings gibt es auch eine vegetarische Vorspeisen und mindestens fünf ebensolche Hauptgerichte. Der einzige Fisch, Tilapia, ist als Sonntagsspecial ausgewiesen. Daneben gibt es noch Salate (auch mit Thunfisch) und als Nachtisch diverse Eisvariationen. Das Preisniveau ist günstig, die Vorspeisen beginnen unter vier Euro und die Hauptspeisen steigen nicht über € 15. An Getränken gibt es italienisch angehauchte Aperitifs (Campari, Aperol, Ramazotti, Martini), ansonsten offene Weine und Alkoholfreies, natürlich auch Bier.
 
Wir ordern Borani (Spinat mit Zwiebeln, Knoblauch und Joghurt, € 3,90), Kashk-Badenjan (Auberginen mit Zwiebeln und Gewürzen, € 4,90), Tschelo Kabab Soltani (marinierte Lammspieße, einmal Hack, einmal stückig mit gegrillten Tomaten, Peperoni und Safranreis, € 13,90) und Khoreschde Banije (Okraschoten mit Tomaten und Zwiebeln, angekündigt mit scharfer Sauce und Safranreis, € 7,50), eine große Flasche Mineralwasser (mit € 3,50 geradezu ein Preishit für lokale Verhältnisse), einen Campari Orange (€ 4,20) nebst 0,2 l Bardolino (€ 3,90) zum Lamm und einmal 0,5l Riesling (€ 7,50).
 
Noch vor den Getränken kommt das Fladenbrot mit dem Kräuterteller (bei uns Petersilie und Minze, dazu Radieschen, schnittfester Frischkäse und eine dicke Scheibe Gemüsezwiebel). Das Brot ist sehr lecker, wenn auch nicht mehr warm, die Kräuter etc. auch gut, Fan von dicken rohen Zwiebeln bin ich nicht. Da ich von persischer Küche leider keine Ahnung habe, kann ich die Authentizität nicht beurteilen.
 
Noch vor den Getränken kam der Spinat, bald auch die Aubergine, und danach die Getränke - ich bin dabei, das Konzept Aperitif für Deutschland aufzugeben und war froh über den Riesling. Der war zwar nicht der Brüller, ein bißchen zu warm und nicht ganz so trocken, wie ich es gerne hätte, aber sonst nicht schlecht. Der Spinat war kalt und lecker, Knoblauch und Zwiebeln traten hier praktisch nicht in Erscheinung, hätte ruhig mehr sein dürfen. Deutlich besser die Auberginen, streifig zerpflückt und nussig gewürzt, schmeckte nach mehr, beides zusammen war eine gute Kombi, gerade auch zum Teilen. Die freundlche Bedienung bot mehrfach weiteres Brot an, wir nahmen es gerne, es paßte gut.
 
Kurze Zeit später dann auch die Hauptgerichte, ein Böötchen aus Reis, von Form und Konsistenz an Basmati erinnernd, jedoch ohne dessen Duft, obendrauf ein breiter Streifen orangefarbener Safranreis, Konsistenz und Geschmack wirklich gut. Auf beiden Tellern außerdem dicke geschälte Gurkenstücke und eine Kugel Joghurt, bei meinem Mann neben den beiden Spießen und dem Grillgemüse, das meines Erachtens etwas zuviel schwarze Kruste hatte. Ich hatte zum ersten Mal seit ganz langer Zeit wieder Okraschoten, vor etwa fünfzehn Jahren war ich mit denen in einem türkischen Restaurant in Frankfurt mal komplett auf den Bauch gefallen und seitdem waren sie mir nicht mehr begegnet, hier waren sie zart, die Sauce bestenfalls säuerlich-pikant, nicht wirklich scharf, in ziemlich viel Tomatensauce auf einem Extrateller. War sicherlich nicht das spannendste Gericht auf der Karte, ich fand es ein bißchen langweilig und besondere Gewürze waren nicht erkennbar, bei meinem Mann gabs zu den Spießen noch eine Streubüchse Sumach (schmeckt leicht säuerlich), auch eher unaufdringlich.
 
Nach dem Essen bot man uns noch traditionell einen Schwarztee ab, den wir dankend ablehnten. Die Rechnung mit € 49,30 war mehr als fair. 
Die Bewertung fällt schwer - für vier Sterne hatte ich die falsche Haupts...
Catch of the day....excellent one of the top 10 dinners I have ever had. Great waitress, friendly, clean and not to loud, you could easily carry on a conversation over dinner.
Me and my boyfriend came here for a quick bite before a movie. He ordered the beef bimbimbap and I ordered the seafood soondubu. Shortly after ordering received side salad and miso soup no Korean side dishes. Secondly he received his order before mine. Waitress brought out my food but didn't acknowledged what I ordered. To shorten the story my soondubu was so awful had food poisoning the next day. It tasted bland and barely any seafood also skipping on Korean side dishes. This place is cheap in quality and quantity.
Hands down, best americano. Staff is good, not enough seating sometimes and it looks like a hole in the wall you would easily pass (done that myself a few times). I've only ever ordered from the College location, but the Bloor one just looks slightly better. Wish they were always open. They do private parties
The attention to detail is poor.  Sometimes they do the entire car and some days only half.  Unfortunately they are lazy.  Disappointed.  I buy the monthly pass, am a regular custom and give a tip.  Drive to the Pavillions and get a great job, every time.
This location is kind of hidden behind the Smiths.

I like the local vibe. Great place to go after work or just to catch up with friends. They have two happy hours 5pm-7pm and 12am-3am where you can get 50% off drinks and appetizers. Drinks are pretty cheap without the happy hour special.

Service is a hit or miss.

Pool tables at PTs would really increase the rating.
Great cost\/benefit
Not the best sushi, but good enough for a buffet
Good variety of hot dishes and deserts
You can't beat the value. Cheaper then any Buffet on the Strip, and best then most
You're better off finding where the TV show "Scrubs" was filmed. Yes, a fictional hospital would be more help than this place. My doctor and nurse made me feel like I was wasting their time. The rest of the staff was great but I left the hospital feeling worst with a bill.
This was ok, I don't think I will ever come back. Mainly because the food was nothing special and a little greasy for my taste.  The place is small and in a shopping plaza.  You order at the counter and then take your seat.  A lot of the empty tables hadn't been bussed so we sat all the way in the back.  I had the pastor platter, like I said nothing special, the beans were runny and the rice a little dry.  My husband had the tacos.  He liked his, but not to make the trip again.
I'm always pleasantly surprised when I shop at this store. It feels like I won't find anything but I always leave with a little something.

This time around I really needed a swimsuit and I tried about 5 different stores to no avail and then it hit me: Aerie makes swimshuits! 

They have so many choices, colours, styles, prices, etc.. it's amazing! I manged to find this cute one piece with cutouts for 35$! (They ran out of the colour black in my size but that's ok because it forced me to buy it in a colour, I own too much black already).

They also have a great underwear section, I find they have the best off season deals because they always have deals if you buy 7 whereas most other places don't always have group deals. 

The sales section is located here so it's always fun to take a peak.,

Don't use the the changing rooms here though, go downstairs. They are bigger and the wait time is shorter (unless you really want a bigger changing room with a bit more décorations to try on underwear and bras).

Quality Wise it's pretty good, I've had their products last me a good 3-4 years but you might not like the model\/cut\/pattern of the item after that much time. I've had underwear and bras last me 5 years but I was so sick of them by that time that even though they were still decent enough to keep wearing, I threw them out and bought new ones.

I don't shop here as much anymore because I find myself going to their competitors but my last experience is a great reminder for me to check them out more often!
Shelly gives the best brazilian waxes and Lydia does wonders for your eyebrows.  Shelly is quick and thorough on the bikini line.  Lydia really takes her time and shapes your eyebrows well.  I would recommend these two any time!!
Probably the worst drinks I've had in a long time. I ordered the root of sin and my friends got Moscow mules. The mules were flat despite having ginger beer that was just opened during the mixing process and the flavor was very bland. The root of sin was also nothing to write home about. I would pass on this spot for drinks. Nice decor though.
The selection is pretty good. I came here for last minute stuff for my sons 3rd birthday party. I found pirate stuff all on clearance. It was perfect. I initially went here for spiderman stuff, but the selection was a little limited. I walked out a happy camper.
I always judge my breakfast based upon the quality of the eggs and toast. The eggs were good, thy were not like eating plastic. The sourdough toast was very good! Also there menu selection is very good for the person who does not have an idea what they want. It's worth a try for anyone.
Fantastic service, fast and friendly. They helped me right away with my problem and I was out of there, problem solved, in less than half an hour. I would definitely come back here for any future servicing my vehicle needs.
Came here twice. First time last October and second time just last night. My boyfriend and I both absolutely LOVE this place. 
Service, setting, and food. Most of the time a restaurant may lack one of those three. But this place has it all. Everything is just so up to par and we will definitely come back on another special night, despite the prices. Keep doing what you're doing, Los Colibris!
I saw the promo on Groupon and purchased the deal for $145 worth of services (2 services), and was able to schedule an appointment for a microdermabrasion, and have already booked my next appointment.  

Honestly, the hardest part was trying to schedule the appointment, since the salon is staffed by lots of independent contractors.  I think that Cami and I played phone tag for at least two solid weeks, since I was either busy or on a phone call, or unavailable, and when I returned the call, had no choice but to leave a voicemail.  

After finally getting an appointment--on Dec. 3rd--I was happy to find out that this place is located on my side of town.  Even though I had the route mapped out on my GPS, the lighting on the sign is kinda hard to see, and I had to pull a couple of U-turns before I made it there.

I was pleased with the cleanliness, newness, contempo look that this salon had.  I also liked that I could either opt for water, hot chocolate, or tea while waiting for my appointment.  

I was led back to a room for the microdermabrasion diamond-tip exfoliation procedure with Cami.  First she explained the procedure, and then proceeded to ask me about my skin type and make sure to treat me accordingly.  She did mention that it was helpful as part of a regular skin regimen, but to be careful when exposing myself to sunlight (to make sure and cover my face with at least SPF 15) afterwards, since my skin would be sensitive to redness, otherwise.  She was really nice and friendly, and I was only there for about 30-40 minutes (including check-in and procedure).  

I went ahead and scheduled my next appointment, since I remembered the pain that it was to schedule the first time around, and also made sure to get Cami's phone number\/contact info to avoid the repeated phone tag.

The experience was a good one, but I had to deduct the one star due to the pain that it was in trying to schedule this appointment.

Keep up the good work.
We've been here twice and both times have been great!  The chef's aren't usually Japanese, but they do a great job none the less.  The food is wonderful and despite the strip mall exterior, the inside is nice.  It's way better than Benihana in my opinion.
Horrible bar food.  Nachos tasted like bagged chips with chopped tomato and low quality cheese, what cheese you could find.  Margaritas are a weak, watery & sad.  They close the patio in cooler weather instead of offering heat lamps.  Inside is dark and dank.
Always satisfied with Adrians. Had a problem 1 time and the owner resolved it immediately. The food is always very hot and delicious. They have the fastest delivery drivers also. They even spelled out the number 18 in pepperoni on the pizza for my son's birthday! Thanks guys!
Food was delicious, not too heavy yet quite tasty. Good selection of meats, veggies and carbs, primo comfort food. Ambiance is completely unpretentious, with friendly, efficient cafeteria-style service.
I tried their Kalua pork and the pork Lau lau. They were both very dry and salty. I was not too impressed with them. I also tried their spam musubi and I don't know what sauce they put in it but it was not good at all. If you're craving for Hawaiian food, I highly recommend going to L&L instead of this place.
Most disappointing club in Toronto (at least some know their place as sub-par).  It's small, really hypes itself up, has some real weirdos working on staff (I don't know if it's the promoter or who it is at the door) but he really seems to make the girls there feel uncomfortable.  Also patrons: he said "these girls are hot - give them $5 off" LOL, $5?  So generous after you place a value on women to their faces to make the 'hot' ones worth a mere 5 dollars more!!   The whole environment made me laugh.

In the end, the only thing worth it is the dancing mascot. Gotta love those anywhere.  But overall, it would be doing Torontonians a big favour to shut this depressing place down.
This location isn't ever busy, so you can get your fix right when you need it. 

There are some really fun flavors that my husband gets excited about - but I'm a plain jane and pretty much stick to a coffee or chocolate flavor after tasting one or two of the specialties. I've opted for the special flavors a few times, but they're always too sweet for me. 

The three stars come from the staff usually being preoccupied by either their significant other sitting at the end of the bar, chatting in the back, or taste-testing the ice cream for themselves. The tables are usually a sticky mess, and it sometimes smells...interesting in there. 

We'll be back :)
2 stars because although the product was good, the quality of service  (the older one who takes the orders) & your pricing is out of line. We ordered 1 slice and 1 combo which I placed myself for the 2 of us.  I asked for a slice that was advertised and added a topping. Since they didn't have it made,  she charged me for a cheese slice and 2 extra toppings, costing me an extra $3 if they would of had it made. Whatever,  I was hungry,  wasn't trying to ruin my mood over $3. But it got worse... she then did the extract same thing to my fiance.  I told her the name of the combo, he told her the he wanted,  although the slice was what they advertised (no change), since it wasn't made she charged him an extra $2.25 and didn't put his garlic knot in the oven.  Get to the register and these 2 orders came out to be $24 (WHAAAA ???) AND no knot?  She proceeds to look at my fiancé and says, "You didn't order it from me" with the rudest tone. He said, (pointing at me) She did and I did.  She kept arguing with him.  LOOK LADY, It's a Flippin garlic knot, part of the combo, all ya gotta do is pop it in the oven to heat up! What seems to be your issue?? He says to her,  look, I did because you told this girl (at register) my order and I paid for it. Plus a little extra you inflated. Just give it to me." Sheesh!  She finally gave it but with the worst attitude of anyone WITHOUT merit. How hard is it to do your job and be nice to people? The pizza is good, but charging the way you do when you fail to keep your products available is bad business. Charging $73 for a whole pie is stupid ridiculous. You have a good product and you do well only because of this and your location.  People in Vegas blow money like crazy, but that's not a reason to take advantage of your customers and treat them like shit. Although we like your pizza, I would rather spend my money else where so I'm treated with respect and not having my wallet raped.

No recommendation here.  Go to Secret Pizza in Cosmopolitan or New York Slice by Harrah's. Both are just as good, if not better, cheaper and service is 5 Star! Peace!
WHAT? We never even got into this place because the security guard told us we had to finish the drinks we bought at another casino before we could go onside. Wait, isn't this Vegas?
I love the atmosphere at Pita Jungle, especially this one.  The prices are very reasonable and the service has been great the past times I have gone.  The cilantro jalapeno hummus is so good!  Ask for the greek pita when you order it.   It is different than the pita that they usually give you.  It is extra soft and goes great with the hummus.   The shawarma is delicious as well.  I am not a fan of pickles so I asked to get it without and it was really yummy.  Portions are pretty big\/decent size as well.  Another plus is that we didn't have to wait very long for our food.  

I am rating it 4 stars because the happy hour is from 3-530 on the weekdays.  Not the best time frame.  Most people get off around 5 so I don't see how many could be able to go.
First of all, this is now Jackson's.  I went today for a wash and, they not only gave me a great deal on a wax and car mat shampoo, they honored my very expired Groupon for Danny's.  The attention to detail is much better than Danny's ever had and the customer service was great.  I recommend and will be back.
I hate to change my rating, but once we got our car back,  we had to take it back because there was over spray on our car!  We have a Z06 Corvette!  This is suppose to be a professional shop, that was recommended to us!  So we took it back, and it still wasn't right!  Then we took it to the owners shop on Sunset!  They did what ever they had to do to it, and it was just as bad!  It doesn't seem like they take pride in there work!

  We took our car one time to a guy that was doing paint jobs in a car lot!  And his work was impeccable!
I wish I could give this place a good review because the food is delicous, but unfortunately thats about the only good thing there. 

Ive been here three times now. Every time the order is always wrong. I'm very specific about ordering the barbacoa tacos with no cheese and no crema. The first time I went I ordered three but they brought out only one and it took forever so i decided to just not wait another 20 minutes for two tacos. The second occasion they had crema on it still when i ordered it to specficailly not to. People have food allergies so I dont understand why this is taken so lightly to get an order correct. The third occasion being last night I went with a party of 4 and they got our whole order wrong.

First lets talk about service, there's not much to it that is tasteful. Someone came by and dropped off chips and salsa that we didnt request for.  We asked if it was complimentary but they didnt say anything and ended up charging us for it on the bill She wasn't our server but every time she came by to pick up plates she kept on giving us attitude and rude glares. Our server took 15 minutes just to take our drink order and left in such a rush to not even ask if we wanted to order food. He came by 4 times before finally asking if we wanted to order. It isnt our job as a a customer to have to say hey, we're ready to place our order.  This is a rule of thumb in any restaurant - serve your tables with a proper greeting and ask what we would like to drink and order in timely and professional manner. As usual, I ordered my barbacoa tacos with no crema and cheese, three to be exact and I orderd a fourth taco being chicken. Two of my barbaco came out as the crunchy taco which is a different meat and those tacos still had crema and cheese on it. Now i'm left with missing two tacos again having to wait AGAIN for them to be made properly.The upsetting part was that the server repeated the order? So maybe it's kitchen staff who don't know how to read the quanity of how many tacos to make?

I'm never coming back to this place again. It's not that hard to get an order correct and the service doesn't make up for giving this place another shot.

Also, this isn't really a place to bring your kids unless you want them to get a free show. The host wears a really skimpy romper out with no bra. NO BRA! We are not in a nightclub people. This is a dine in restaurant. Where is the uniform? My poor son had to keep looking over at her because her boobs were popping out of her chest. This place is so dissapointing from all the other good yelp reviews.
This restaurant was absolute perfection. Went here with my boyfriend on a Thursday night for dinner. We had no reservations and we sat at the bar. It wasn't overly busy but each table was full. 
Food: 5\/5
- we had kamo (duck  breast), beef tartare, sashimi sampler, and amburicious (blow torched sushi sampler)
-PERFECTION
-they even timed our dishes and served them in a planned and perfect order

Drinks: 5\/5
- we had the railroad man and shiso smash which were delicious

The plates are meant for sharing. I highly recommend this place for 2 to 4 people.
I've been here twice and both not so happy about. 

The first time was close to closing, so of course there was barely any food left, and everything looked a mess. 

The second time was better. They have lots of variety, I'll give you that. but the quality of food could be so much better! On top of that, there were so many signs above the food that were mixed up or just wrong. 
It's as if they don't really care.  

The place looks like a lounge, and its trying to be, but really just a regular chinese buffet. The only good seats really are the booths by the window looking onto Yonge street. 

I wouldn't come back again. Go only on their cheap days and only if you have a discount coupon or something (dine.to has some occasionally) and would like to try something different when at Yonge and Dundas.
After reading Alick's review of the Boulder Dam Brewing Co., I have to agree that this is possibly the best brewpub in the Vegas area, which is going to get some ire up, but let me help explain my reasoning.

Most of the brewpubs in Las Vegas,  are based in or around a casino. By locating itself in BC, it is not having to compete with video poker machines. It has a large patio area that makes it great for you to enjoy the weather, the bands and it helps dissipate the smoke of others.

Bottled beer selection is slim, BDBC has a limited variety of their own home brews and I tend to get a little bored, but they are consistent and they offer a Hoppy Hour M-F from 4-6.

The staff here makes me feel like I belong here. I enjoy watching games here on NFL Sunday. However, the food leaves something to be desired. The menu is limited to sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs and appetizers. Sorry! On Sunday's I do not want to start my first round of games with a hot dog. Let's get a little more outside the box with the food and some of the seasonal beers. 

Live music at night and a front row seat for the endless parade of HS kids cruising the "loop" means that the BCPD is always around trying to keep everyone from having fun, but it really is more like Barney Fife than a real police force.

Being a fourth generation resident of BC, I love the history they display of the building of (Boulder) Dam. Old newspapers, photographs and antique equipment is great. 

If I could give this place a 3 and a half stars, I would. I had to think hard about the rating. I want, WANT, REALLY REALLY WANT to give this 4 stars, but the lack of variety of food made me go to 3. I am very sure, that if they start caring more about food, this place is going to really blow up.
Had lunch here yesterday (Aug 26\/14). Had the "Fast Lunch Menu". If that was fast I would hate to see a "slow menu" Although the food was adequate the service was terrible. We waited 25 minutes for our lunch to be delivered & the restaurant wasn't even busy. I work close but this was my last visit to the restaurant!
Outstanding!!!!!   Trying to escape Irma found a diamond in the sand!  Kid friendly, pet friendly, service of a 4 star resort.  Was there on Saturday, they had Magnolias food truck there. I recommend the buffalo chicken po'boy.  But tried several sandwiches they were all fantastic, hats off to magnolias!
Particularly handy when a new album drops on midnight. That's midnight, West Side time, which means 1230am at the East Flamingo store. Because that's how long it takes to get there from Sahara without attracting pork.
My highest dining experience so far in Toronto. We had the tasting menu. Each course was deep in flavor and texture. Usually I am very skeptical of asian fusion, but this one was executed brilliantly. Service was top notch. A real gem
Have a craving for a delish burger with fresh ingredients ?

COME HERE!!!!

The only thing that bothered me was that I had NO idea this place existed. The bread was warm and incredibly soft, the patty well grilled and tasty and forget the chencho fries.....what? your mind will be extremely confused but happy you tried it.

Yes, it is a small establishment, and it may be hard to find sitting during peak hours, but service is fast and people are pleasant. You can definitely feed a family of four for about 25 dollars, and everyone will be FULL and HAPPY!! 

Almost 20 years on the east side and just discovered this little burger-heaven......

I had the double boyger with guacamole and my husband the Hawaiian boyger with a friend egg, both extremely tasty!!! Will definitely come back
I have loved Mellow Mushroom since my first bite about 10 years ago. Coming down south to visit family and getting to have MM pizza has always been a very special treat since their franchises haven't made it far enough north yet. But now that I've moved to Charlotte and am less than 10 miles, I was fearful that my MM memories would be crushed. It took me about a month to finally gain the courage to go, and this location DID NOT disappoint! I'm a huge fan of the pretzels, but opted for the muffuletta bread app instead. It was delicious, and not lacking in the olive area. It came out a little colder than I would have liked, but it was tasty enough that temperature wasn't a deal breaker. Our pizza came out quickly, piping hot, and perfectly correct despite our make your own pizza order being somewhat excessive. Our server didn't complain about our lengthy order. In fact, she was impressed by my creation and even complimented us on developing a pizza that, to her, sounded "really incredibly good!" The crust is always the best part, chewy, flavorful, and with just the right crunch. If I had to say anything negative at all, it would be that the shrimp was overcooked; however, a pizza oven cannot really be considered the best vessel for making perfectly prepared shellfish. I'm going to have to try to forget how close this MM is for the sake of my waistline, but I can say with certainty that we will be back!
We dined here last Friday with a couple of friends. Someone we knew said it was good, so we thought to give it a try. When we walked into the restaurant, the place was dead, only a few customers. It did not look busy, but all of the tables were filthy. No one greeted us or told us if we could sit ourselves or they'd sit us. We finally found a table and waited for a waitress to wipe it off. She brought over some small plates and flatware, from then on, everything went from BAD to WORSE! 

- We found a pill on one of the small plates that the waitress brought out. All she said was "Oh, I didn't know how the pill got there?" I jokingly asked "Is it a marijuana pill or some kind of pill that gets me high?" She laughed "possibly!"

- Then my husband found a bug in his drink. A waiter who was not even waiting on us, apologized and brought the drink back to get my husband a new drink. When my husband told our waitress about the bug, she was arguing with him and said "it's a normal thing to see bug everywhere and all the time. Espeically in the summer time, if you leave something out, they are going to attract to sweet and food of course." Not one apology from her.

- My husband asked for the sweet-n-low sugar and she never brough it, but another waitress did. She was busy yapping with others. Then she pretended to bring them over after already knew another waitress had already helped us.

- The owner \/ partner of the restaurant named John, came by to check on us and asked how we are doing. He looked very depressed. When we shared with him about the pill and the bug, he brushed it off and said "people complaint all the time because they want something free."

We walked out with a bill of $56 for ordering 2 combos (3 tiny tacos on each plate, the rest is filled with lentils and rice), an iced tea, a margarita, a small flan, and suck a@@ service. The food wasn't good and small portions. Their dessert is very aweful. I'm very sure I can get better service and quality meals at El Pollo Loco or Taco Bell. They won't be survived for much longer with horrible food, service and attitude.

I 'LL NEVER COME BACK HERE AGAIN. Don't waste your money in this place people, you'll feel sorry.
Cozy little coffee shop on Castelnault Est.

It is not old school italian coffee but it isn't the third wave kind either which is good because I'm not a fan if fruity coffee. 

The decor is simple yet stylish with wooden table. I love the front counter table by the window...feels so relaxing and calm :)

The music is also perfect for the weekends...felt like I could have stayed there the entire day!
Wish i could give zero. Grade A health inspection my ass. Found what appears to be a roach fried to my dumping. Spring rolls had the consistency of mucus.
Started with Peach Mule - amazing. Peaches were very sweet. Never ending Happy Hour from Sunday to Thursday - genius!  Ordered several appetizers from Happy Hour menu.  Got the fish tacos, salt & pepper shrimp, calamari, potstickers and lamb lollipops - all very tasty and perfectly priced :)

Being Asian, I had to try the crab fried rice.  It hit the spot. You could taste the crab and mushrooms. I could not pinpoint the flavoring but it was familiar. This alone will make me come back. I opted for the
25-karat cocktail next. It paired beautifully with the fried rice. 

Of course I cannot leave without mentioning our waiter, Matt. What a pro!  Very matter-of-factly but friendly.  He gets six stars. 

Interior had a comfortable design. Most importantly it was perfectly lit. Dim enough to be cozy but still able to read the menu and see your food. 

Looking forward to our next visit. Five-star rating well earned.
Fantastic! We've been going to this restaurant for over 15 years because they have an exquisite Cottage Reef with rich hollandaise sauce. Try it! Of course the prices keep going up so usually we share.
We stopped after visiting the High Roller on Christmas day. Loved the feel of the restaurant.  My husband and I had the Calabrese pizza and it was the best pizza we have ever had.  Great service, will return.
This is my second review for this establishment... and there is a reason for that... Treasures has VIP customer service down to an art!

My wife and I planned a getaway to Vegas after a grueling 6 months of organizing a large charity event.  A VIP trip to Treasures was to be a cornerstone to that trip.

It did not start off well, however.  I had sent an e-mail with questions about the VIP packages that was never returned.   Finally I called an made reservations for 8 pm  and that that went very well.  Just before 7:pm I received a call from the driver stating he would be there in less then 10 minutes, making him about an hour early.  I told him that my wife was just getting out of the shower and he said that he would wait until 8.  

The limo was a LONG stretch Escalade that was obviously used and a bit worse for ware.  I ASSUMED  that was something they picked up second hand and were going to refurbish, but the driver didn't say anything about gaping holes in the headliner, or bad condition of the upholstery.  The ride itself was TERRIBLE!  The driver has a heavy foot on the gas and the break.  So with hard accelerations and heavy breaking in stop and go Vegas traffic over its legendary potholed roads...   My wife likened the ride to the seen in the Wedding Singer where they are "trying out" the limo driver.  When we arrived we were not escorted in as we were before. 

This evening ended nearly before it began.

In the past, we paid up front for our VIP package so pricing was understood.  Not this time.

Now for the good part.  Once inside we were escorted to the restaurant and seated.  The waitress asked if we had been there before and we commented on the great service we had had in the past. Through the conversation we learned that that same waitress was still working there and on duty that night!  The waitress we had relinquished our table to CC who either actually remembered us from two years ago, or did such a great job of customer service that she made us believe that she remembered us!

Service was thorough and prompt.    My wife had the Lobster Bisque which was excellent.  We both had dinner salads which, I have to say had to be the most well presented and tasty dinner salad I have ever had... in a strip club or anywhere else for that matter!  I had the NY steak and my wife had the Filet.  In my previous review I had complained that the quality of the steak was not Treasures claim to 5 star or Prime.  Not this time.  It was both 5 star and PRIME!

After dinner we were escorted into the club.  My wife and I both dress for nights out and I would say that we were better dressed that most of the clientele... as such, we had girls at out table constantly!  It was happening so frequently that we could not hold a conversation!  Drink service prompt, pleasant, and accurate and I was never wondering where our waitress was.  I was happy to leave a significant (30%) tip!  After a while we were approached by Brian the VIP manager and asked of there was anything he could do for us and gave us his card and offered some discounted VIP services in the future. 

Later, as we were leaving, Brian went out front and ordered a limo to take us back to our hotel.  In our past VIP experiences at Treasures, they only brought you to the club, and you had to take a cab back.  This was the first time we got a limo ride back!  The ride back to our hotel was VERY pleasant!  I do not remember the name of the driver, but it was her last day and she was moving back to Texas.  

There is a reason that I am writing a second review for Treasures.  They have customer service DOWN!  Aside from the ride there, they made us feel like we were the most valued customers in the building!  I don't know if CC actually remembered us, but she made us feel like she did.  I am sure that Brian offers his services to a number of their clientele, but he made us feel like we were special.  At the end of the evening, even though we were not going to spend anymore money there, they gave us a limo ride home, and the driver, even though it was her last day and no longer dependent on that job, treated us like we were her favorite clients of the night.  

We are not rich by any means.  We are about as average as you can get.  When planning this trip we wanted the VIP experience and budgeted $400 for this night out.  We received VIP treatment that exceeded our expectations and walked out of there way under our budget.  I am not saying that this place is cheap, or even reasonably priced, but if you plan for it, you can get more than your money's worth!
We went to this place last night... the place that we went to looked NOTHING like their website, they had nothing on the menu compare to the site.. They charge $16.95 for awaze tibs compare to Merkato its 9.00... the meat was fatty. Do yourself a favor and do not go to this place. It was dirty as well.
We have been customers of Blue Iguana Pool Service since March 2015. We left another pool service that we were very unhappy with. We are part time residents in AZ and Blue Iguana is attentive to our needs. They always let us know of issues and do all they can to assist us when we are away working with the pool co that installed the pool to manage warranty items. They repair all other items and never overcharge us. They are honest and professional. TJ and Taylor are just great. They are always on time each week and email that they have been to the house. They even let me know of other issues on the property (irrigation leaks etc). Betty does the billing and passes on my emails to service immediately. I have never had a billing issue with Blue Iguana. 
I have referred a neighbor to them who was also unhappy with the pool service they were using and are very happy with this company. I highly recommend them.
Telisha is great! Don't be fooled by the modest office and affordable prices. Not only does she totally know what she is doing, she also has a great touch. 

I started going to her a couple of weeks ago for shoulder\/neck knot issues. She is able to reduce those knots without causing me pain or making me sore the next day. I have a deskjob and I could really feel the difference. Of course there is also the benefit of destressing and relaxing :) give it a try!
I have a guest pass for 1 time but it expired on December 31, today is January 19,2016. My membership with LVAC is going to run out next month and I wanna try another gym for new membership but the assistant manager won't let me in for 1 time. I guess she doesn't want me to enjoy and happy to sigh up membership here. My boyfriend been customer with them for 4 years. It is ok, I will get 2 more years with LVAC then. Goodbye 24 hour fitness Tropicana, Las Vegas. It is suck so bad!!!!
Missy has been cutting and coloring my hair for over a year now! My hair has never felt so good! She's constantly teaching me new techniques to work with my hair! Missy is always taking new classes to keep her already sharp skills sharp! When you go for your appointment they are prompt, offer wine, coffee, tea and cookies! Promise you won't be disappointed!
Food as always great. Service was AWFUL or server Jai spent more time talking to his friends than waiting on use. I will always go back because I love the food here. But damn really customer service just really bad. An FYI the ladies  bathroom was really dirty not cool for such a great place to eat.
Love this restaurant. Excellent variety of Louisiana dishes and tastes. Wonderful place to relax and enjoy.
Great place! But they don't take credit?  I would give 4 or 5 but making me take out of a machine charging me to take out money.. Just seems cheap.  Good times but bring cash!
These guys are an amazing little shop that I have had the pleasure of bringing things to to get cleaned\/altered.  Super professional and down to earth and they know their business.

The best thing of all, they remember who you are and what you usually need to get done so their service is accurate and quick.  Absolutely on the top of their game.

I often travel further just to come here to get some things done because I wouldn't trust anyone else with my clothes.
I have shopped twice at this location this week and both times I have encountered the worst service I have ever experienced. The first time I chucked it up to the cashier having a bad day and left it at that deciding to give this location another chance. This morning I had to run in and get some snacks for my son, who's school is directly across the street; I was met with the same ridiculous rudeness from the cashier, both days I said hello and both times I got an annoyed look instead. She was very unprofessional huffing and puffing and rolling her eyes when I asked if I could have a Safeway club card to take home. I usually just pay full price but since I'm shopping more there, or had planned to, I want to take advantage of their discounts and gas deals. However, after my two displeasing encounters I will travel down the road to Fry's or even wal-mart than ever step foot in this store again.  I shouldn't be surprised but always am when people seem to have lost the ability to have common curtesy and professional stance- the job you have is by choice in a field that places you in front of people all day. If you can't be nice and even respond to a hello then you need to find a new job.
Dr. Yu and his staff were all professional and very, very pleasant. I looked forward to my visits for the last 6 months. I suffered from a broken humerus, so Dr. Yu performed surgery on my upper arm. I now have a metal plate with screws in my arm, but from the X-rays it looks real good and has healed nicely. The scar not so nice  but very clean and neat so I think eventually won't be very noticeable. I never had to wait long, and his staff was also thorough xraying each visit to check the progress.  Physical therapy was located in the same office so did not have to travel any further. PT Mike and assistant Melanie worked wonders for me. If I ever need to see an orthopedic doctor again, Dr. Yu's my choice.  He's personable, caring, efficient, thorough and an excellent surgeon. Dr. Yu and his staff should all be commended for their sincerity, efficiency, hard work and excellency in patient treatment. Thank you Dr. Yu for making my injury, surgery and PT a lot easier and pleasant!!
We were a group of 15 adults plus 11 kids, food was good though they overcooked some items--which they corrected once pointed out. The servers were very corteous and attentive. Only flaw was that they did not want to separate checks when ordering even when we asked them to stating "oh, no worries we'll sort it out at the end".  Well, its been over 46minutes!!!!!! since we all finished eating and the checks are still not divided. Sooo, if you are coming in a group where check is going to be split, DEMAND that they split it at the time you order!!!
Thieves!  Had a nice business meal a couple weeks ago.  Spent close to $700 that evening. But when I got my credit card statement they added an additional $300!  What the server or manager did was changed the first digit of the tip!! Called the manager and he responded with "oops".  Unbelievable!
Not impressed. Street vendor provides better quality food and service. But before I lay down my review, I'll give props and say that both the potato\/cucumber salad were bomb -- but even with these sides there was nothing regional about its presentation. 

... I began with the (so called award-winning) Combo Basket Appetizer; fried pickles with Onion rings, where I ended up choking down a grease-smothered (and limp) so-called pickle no thicker than a dime. Gross! 

I tried staying positive as I awaited my order of the pulled chicken sandwich, but even that was just okay. Good white meat, but nothing great. Even their "signature" sauce was nothing special, but I'm sure they have a few to-do items. Unfortunately they didn't earn a return customer so I won't find out. :-(
I just had to drive 20 minutes to return very expensive frozen ground beef because it was spoiled when I thawed it out. Don't buy their meat!!
Also purchased a bag of walnuts that tastes like dirt.
I was so angry when I left this place. I take my tea very seriously! A friend of mine ordered a nice looseleaf white tea, which was okay, I guess. I ordered a "Masala Chai" which seemed very exotic and fancy on the menu, with Cardamom and blah blah. I took one sip and it tasted familiar -- LIKE THE COSTCO CHAI TEA MIX I HAVE AT HOME & AT WORK. I was outraged. I was paying like five dollars for this supposed ~Masala chai. I tried to explain the situation to them and they didn't do anything about it. They said they used a "sweetening mix" with honey, etc. I asked to see it, and they showed me a bucket of light brown powder which looked an awful lot like the chai mix you buy at Costco. I still get angry when I think about this. The girls working there were very standoffish and intimidating. I didn't dare ask for my money back as they wouldn't even look me in the eye. I felt like it was just a waste of time and money. I will NOT be returning and I will be telling everyone about this.
Most of the budget and finances went towards the decor and design of this restaurant. It looks the part but does not taste the part. The grilled chicken was plain. I could grill a better chicken breast in a stove top pan. Portions are small but pricey.
Used to love this place. Not sure if I still like their food as I never received my correct order. Took about 15 minutes for out waitress to even acknowledge we were there. Messed up on my order. It took forever for it to be remade. Asked if it could be to go. Well to go order was still incorrect.  Never refilled our drinks. Upon looking at ticket we could see that the order was put in wrong. And the whole time the waitress made it seem like it wasn't her fault. Terrible service. I work on the strip and when people ask for something different to eat I recommend omelet house. I will never be doing that again. Overall horrible experience.
Very time I come to this Safeway there is a long line and the produce never looks fresh. Fruit cups looked old and they were turning brown. Stopped to get a sandwich from the deli and the lady making my sandwich burnt my sandwich and expected me to still buy the sandwich burnt. The sandwich was literally black and she still though it was okay to eat. Won't be back
Good food and a good show! Haha if you go, ask to be seated by the kitchen. It was amazing to see how quickly the chef was working. He was obviously skilled, and had a rhythm going. The other cooks just sorta stood around and watched him as he ran circles around them. The funniest part is how he totally shut down the expediter (who was a huge asshole btw). If I had any cash I would have tipped the chef, he kept his cool while producing an incredible amount of food and having to work with an asshole. 

The reason for 4 stars, was for cleanliness of the bathroom. There was a prom party there, and a girl got sick and threw up all over one of the stalls. When the staff came in to clean it, they just complained, made very rude comments, and said how gross it was, right in front of the girl who got sick. And rather than clean it up, she just wrote a "out of service" note on the door.
Literally the rudest staff ever. Had the guy at the door savagely dig through my purse so hard he almost yanked it off my neck. Then had a guy shout at my spouse for coming in the side door when 10 other people literally just came through.
Been coming here for 20 years at least.  Always order the same thing.  Start with the Chopped Liver! Then a salad. Then Au Gratin Potatoes with Filet. And always tell the server to prepare your meat of choice the way they recommend.  Great service always!
Does the job for quick and fast, fresh teriyaki lunch box. Downtown Charlotte.
This is by far the best place to do eyebrows threading in Pittsburgh! Not only because it the price, but rather because the shaping of the eyebrows is perfect! I was looking for a place like this for 6 years on Pittsburgh. So glad I finally found it!
Always pass by this place so we thought we would stop and give it a try. I'm thinking that was a mistake. First of all, we have been to a lot of Mexican restaurants and have never seen a menu like this, it was basically foreign to my fiance and I. We both had some questions about a few things on the menu that we planned to ask our waitress. Only when the waitress came to take our order we discovered that she barely spoke any English. When our food came it wasn't what either one of us expected. Apparently I ordered a chicken quesadilla, which I wrongly assumed was going to be enchiladas. Food was very bland. Needless to say, we wont be going back.
I was amazed by our room! I was expecting a standard room but we got upgraded to a freaking sweet! We had a huge bathtub and our bathroom had a television so we could watch tv while taking a bath. Our bedroom area also had a tv and our livingroom also had a tv. We also had a little office area where I studied a little for my upcoming exam. I was definitely pampered during this trip! All I asked was for a view of the strip and I go the freaking bellagio fountains! I can't wait to stay here again!
John deserves more than five stars! I always feel very welcome here and with every visit, John listens\/checks in to see what has changed fromt he last visit and where to focus energy.

He is truly a healer... by far the best massages I have had.
This was my 1st trip to Vegas. I had a blast.  This hotel was fabulous.  The room was great, we stayed on the 27th floor with a view of the strip.  The room was a nice size the bathroom was large.  The toilet was behind a seperate door from the shower, tub and sink.  The only problem there was no ventilation in the bathroom. Nice size flat screen on the wall, Ipod alarm clock hook-up and very comfortable bed.  My 1st night home, my hubby and I decided we need a new mattress;-)

The pool was great(they had several), and a beach with sand and a wave pool.  You can rent Cabanas for the day to get out of the sun , It was between 108-110 degrees all week.  The cabanas come with several amenities, like tv, celing fan and several lounge chairs and beverages.  They are pricey starting at $250, I definitely suggest if you are with a large party.  

I loved Vegas, can't wait to go back.  Planning on celebrating my birthday there in two years:-)  Hopefully, I'll be back sooner than that.
It has been so difficult looking for an attorney office that genuinely cares with reasonable pricing. David Kohlmeier was such a great help and so understanding! It truly felt as if I was talking to a friend. They know what they're doing here ! My family and friends will not go anywhere else. Plus, the office is BEAUTIFUL ! I didn't want to go home !
Finally got to try this place. Was looking for good seafood in the area, and hoping it wasn't overly priced. I was disappointed. 

My husband got the wood grilled blackened halibut, and it was tiny. It was alright, not good not awful, and overpriced for the size. He came home and ate again.

 I got the steak and shrimp combo. The NY strip was inedible. 90% grissle, 5% fat, and the rest seemed to be meat. The shrimp skewer was overcooked. They were dry and had very little flavor. I sent the steak back and the replacement one was a bit better, but not enough to make me happier. By the time it arrived everyone else was done their meal.  They didn't offer to take anything off the menu or compensate us in any way for the sad food. My daughter had the chicken tenders and didn't like them either. The breading was very heavy and over done. 

In all, skip it. Red Lobster would probably have been better and cheaper too. Very disappointed and we won't be back!
Sara and Sean are two of the best behind the bar! Great service, food and laughs. Glad I flew out of PIT. If you are connecting there stop in for sure. If you fly out of PiT, then come to the airport extra early for a bite.
My wife and I ate here, We had the eggplant salad,whole grilled Mediterrarnean sea bass served with house salad and roasted vegetables and rice. Bread was also served. The food was very tasty.
I am so happy such a beautiful and intriguing dining experience exists in the neighborhood I was raised in. I am always excited to see gems like this pop up, especially if they are in walking distance from my home!

I've been to The Market twice now and each visit has been lovely. The service is both kind and casual, pricing is outstanding, and the overall vibe is warm and unique. I say "unique", due to the space's ability to shine within Phoenix's all too familiar stripmall culture. Something that is incredibly difficult to execute out here.

Both visits I have ordered the nosh boards, which in my opinion seem to be their signature offering. I've had the charcuterie, as well as their fondue board and each is stunning in display and just delicious. The flavors of the meats and accompaniments blend perfectly, especially combined with their prosecco. Just perfect! My friend ordered the artichoke risotto and that too was amazing (not mushy or bland). 

What I value the most about The Market is their knowledge in creating a complete experience for the customer. There's a certain low key flair I appreciate, from the decor to the artisan products they offer. Can't wait to visit for brunch!
Genna's can be really hit or miss for me. It seems to depend on the crowd. If it's full of underclassmen, I tend not to enjoy it as much as the nights it's full of Madison's professionals. 

Regardless, I always return and, for the most part, enjoy my evenings spent at Genna's. In the winter, it's a great little cozy spot on a snowy evening.  

Not sure if they still do this, but for some time there were poetry slams maybe one Saturday night a month? If it's still offered, definitely check it out. It was always really good!
I've been here so many times and yet I forgot to do a review. Me & the husband love this place. Andy the manager is always friendly and helpful. The fish is always fresh. I do like the variety of  rolls,  appetizers, and dessert.. Strangely enough, I've never really had any of their dessert because we seem to pig out of the AYCE and never have room for it at the end. The price is decent for quality and amount of food you get.  They have a large parking lot so, no worries about a parking space.
Amazing selection of liquors, beers, and wines joyously unencumbered by Virginia-style socialist ABC monopoly. Other reviewers point out some great details.  I only browsed and had a craft beer with friendly bartenders downstairs in the wine\/beer bar-lounge. Great selection on about 8 taps. Check schedule for frequent live music.
Pikes provides exceptional service and knowledge.   They know their stuff, they care about their customers and are willing to help by going above and beyond.    It is unfortunate that service like this is missing from most businesses out there.

Try Pikes it will be worth it.
Went to the Tomonori Jinnai show last weekend, and it was fun.

http:\/\/tommywindtheater.com\/shows\/tomonori-jinnais-world-tour-netajin-in-las-vegas\/

The venue itself is cool and intimate - I just didn't know something like this existed in between the mega buildings on this part of the strip. Nice thins is that there's ample parking space but I had to pay $5 for a spot.
I purchased the groupon and went to use it and OF COURSE he said I needed a deeper cleaning and would not honor my groupon for a general cleaning and I HAD to purchase the deep cleaning. After he showed me the xrays, the only teeth that needed a deeper cleaning were my bottom 4 which happens every time I get them cleaned which is once a year. All the rest were fine.  But he would not honor the groupon.  He's such a rip off and trying to pay for his overhead and fancy office by telling you that you need more than you actually do. I requested that they send my xrays to my regular dentist.....which I hope they did.  My regular dentist told me I didn't need to have a deep cleaning donel So I DONT recommend him unless you want to pay for unnecessary services!
Eaten at this location and the one in Miami. DELICIOUS. Anything truffle has my name on it. 
Had the Royale burger and truffle fries. Also had the Bloody Mary wasn't impressed but that's okay. Was good service and the food was spot on! #Truffle
Delicious. Can't stop talking about how good my breakfast was after I left!!! Would totally come back if I was ever back in Scottsdale. I got the Banana Nut French Toast and their fresh squeezed OJ!!
We came here for Lisa L.'s UYE and I was pleased to see another Japanese-run Japanese restaurant.

Pretty much all of us got the $12.95 special-3 different rolls to choose from...food tasted great, simple and straightforward, and the service was just as good.

definitely one of the spots to hit up if you're ever in the area...ALOHA!!!
I went to Sun City Automotive not too long ago and they diagnosed my vehicle for me. They came up with a laundry list of items that needed to be fixed or replaced and it all seemed to be a little too much, so I got a second opinion, as most people should do. A lot of the "problems" found were dismissible as my car showed no signs of having certain issues, or the repairs weren't as extensive as they put them down as. 
At the second shop I went to they were able to fix things for less and I trusted them more.
Sun City employees were kind and prompt, but I wouldn't go back. 
Also, they charged to look at my vehicle ($40) and I didn't know they would. Other shops I went to had no fees, or I would at least think they'd give a heads-up. Oh well.
I was in Savers today. I bought a set of cordless phone. When i got home i untangle all the cords just to my surprise their is 3 battery chargers ,a cell phone  charger but no main charger for the base and a extra base for another phone. Im mad because they purposely sold me something that is totally useless. You cant get your money back only store credit. I cant understand if you bought something and it was to little but to sell something that is useless and not get your money back is crazy. No i wont be back, and i drove from thr far west side of Madison. Savers that was on tht West side was way better. This one not so much. Im not driving back for a $12.99 the garbage they will go. And to top it all off i spent $100+ dollars.
The Bourbon Chicken Skillet was great, the serving was slow but the food was worth it. My husband ordered the Country Fried Steak with mashed potatoes he said it was good. We got seared right away and the staff was friendly. The restrooms were cleaned and kids eat free on Saturday nights.
This opened not too long ago (less than a month) and I was super excited to try it (King West does not have a lot of great Asian food options, except maybe CoCo Rice). I went in for lunch and it's canteen style so you order and pay first before sitting down.

I ordered a small bowl of pho with a side of pork fresh rolls. I like that their spring rolls and fresh rolls menu offer a lot of variety. Shrimp fresh rolls are more common but I prefer pork so glad that was an option. There are also vegetarian options as well. Overall, the food was OK. Soup is good, a little on the saltier side. Could use more meat. Pork is somewhat dry and flavourless in the roll but the sauce it comes with can help with that. Doesn't compare to the pho places on Spadina or Ossington, but if you're in the area and craving some comfort food it's not a bad choice. Total came out to just under $13.

One interesting thing about this place is that they offer protein shakes. You can even get a full size container of Vega protein powder. I would come back to explore their smoothies and dessert menu. 

Overall, it was okay. I'll come back if I'm craving pho and am in the area. Can see this being good for takeout too. So far it's a good spot for lunch hour since it's not too crowded (yet).
This our go to quick weeknight Thai take out. Nice portions and easy on the family wallet. Great service and the food taste good to.
Went to a birthday party and the grandkids had a good time. I thought the facilities were good and I wouldn't have a problem taking them again on a Saturday afternoon.
I had a big lunch and needed something different to satisfy my craving before meeting up with friends for a late dinner. I ordered their tropical cooler smoothie. It was supposed to have a puree of spinach and kale. I'm kind of obsessed with green smoothies. You don't actually taste the spinach and kale. All I tasted was just pineapple. I couldn't taste the coconut and banana. It was still a delicious power-packed smoothie. A great alternative to even skip dinner.
Single most offensive experience, ever.

The restaurant was pretty empty around 9:30pm, so we walked in to get a table for two.  Before we could even open our mouths, the hostess told us that the restaurant was booked. Then, she flippantly pretended to "help" by suggesting the small bar area, which visibly had no seats available. She started to walk away as we stood there flabbergasted. 

A male employee noticed us and asked if we needed help.  I told him that we were just looking for a table for two.  He started to pick up menus to seat us and the female hostess rushed back and snatched the menus from him and sternly said "We. Are. Booked." 

I was so offended that I can't even put it into words.

I don't know if she just wanted to go home as soon as possible or what, but that's no excuse. I know this isn't Bobby Flay's fault necessarily, but I'm pretty sure this will turn me off from any of his restaurants for the rest of my life.
Always great service and they offer boarding for $20 a day! For piece of mind that price cant be beat. They always pick up the phone in a timely manner and treat me and my with respect and attention. Lastly, im sure there are closer animal clinics this place is worth the 20 minute drive.
Getting my drinky drinky on.  Always my first stop before doing anything...shopping, gambling, or even just walking around.  Gotta get it.  I always get either the 190 Octane w\/ TWO extra shots (tastes like a frozen orange slush, that'll kick your butt later) or the Pina Cola da w\/ 2 extra shots in their 32oz mug cup.  Or you can get that clichéd tall cup that you see everyone walking around with.  But when it's cold I don't wanna have to hold onto something cold (I'm already drinking it).  They're a bit pricey, especially when you start adding in extra shots.  I think I spent 100+ on drinking those things (including refills which are about $2 less than buying a new one).  Either way, it Vegas...just do it.  Haha!
It's taken me a while to write this review after losing my best friend on May 26th.  

I came home after work that evening to find my beloved Weimaraner deceased at the young age of 15.  She gave me 15 wonderful years and will forever be in my heart. 

My husband was traveling, so I was left alone to make arrangements for Laddie.  It was 8:00 pm, so my choices were few.  After getting in touch with Pals, they were well on their way to make this horrible night as comfortable as possible.  They picked her up at my home, even allowing some extra time to say goodbye.  The gentleman who arrived was so nice and soft spoken, very attentive to my needs.  We decided on cremation and to keep her remains.  He assured me it would be only Laddie's ashes, explaining the owner of Pals opened this business for that very reason.  

They contacted me the next day to send condolences and explain the process.  I can't tell you how important it is to be at ease with the people who have your pup during these final days.  

I few days later, my husband and I picked her up in a beautiful cedar box with a heart dog tag bearing her name.  

We're so thankful for the people at Pals.  They're a gift.
It's a beautiful place. The custom cocktails, could have been better for the price. The Brussels, tasted like they had been soaked in lemon juice overnight and were very mushy. We ordered the tzaiki  it was great, however all of the bread was burnt and we were charged to receive bread that wasn't burnt.
First and foremost. Best restaurant experience I have had in Pittsburgh since moving here back in August. 

Girlfriend and I went there last Saturday and absolutely loved it. I highly encourage people to sit in front of the cooks. They are extremely knowledgeable of the menu, and don't just recommend the most expensive item. 

The executive chief was also really friendly, even gave us a free roll. 

I again RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO EVERYONE. 

#drunkinnoodles. #bestresturant.
My date and I decided on Red Rocks Cafe as we both enjoy seafood.  We both ordered the Chilean sea bass and it was average at best.  It wasn't properly seasoned - really lacking in salt - nor was it flaky.  A really good Chilean sea bass should be cut with a fork and have a rich, buttery taste.  This was neither.

We ordered wine and found lipstick on the rim of my glass.  The manager did deduct this from my bill and apologized.

The service was really good and the waiter was very knowledgeable.
These people are amazing!
Our server in the restaurant Justin was especially wonderful and helpful!
We always have so much fun here and the staff and restaurant servers are so kind and friendly! 
It's exactly as advertised an old western town with horseback rides and a petting zoo.  Gift shops, 2 bars and an awesome restaurant!
I could write a BOOK about this one but I will spare you all the details. If I could give them NEGATIVE stars, I would. I've never been treated so poorly in my life. 1. The technician was BEYOND rude after I asked him if we could test what HE suggested, which was unhooking the vent that was clogged. He said, "LOOK LADY, I've been doing this 20 years, I know what I'm talking about."

When he presented me with his $115 service call, I told him I was quoted $99. He said, it's $115. I called, talked to dispatch, they confirmed I was quoted $99.

Went to pay, they only take check or cash. I only had credit card. I called dispatch again, to tell them I only had a credit card and could I mail a check? Dispatch called the tech and I heard the guy say, "She's being a real bitch." 

ARE YOU KIDDING ME!? I called them back to call them and of course, they didn't know what I was talking about, their tech must have been talking to someone else.

STAY AWAY, STAY FAR FAR AWAY~~~
I've always loved going here and that's not gonna change.  I just went up there and saw the Goosebumps exhibit.  It wasn't anything special, but still would be educational for children.  The center itself is a great experience for children and adults.  You really appreciate the science and the history of everything inside.
I first learned of gyros when I lived in Germany. They were good... and cheap there.

I lost touch with my gyro side for a few years then saw this little baby nuzzled inbetween a few shops over by a friend's house. Why not... after all, he also lived in Germany and liked gyros.

Thir food is pretty good. Not as good as the ones I've had in Europe, but good. I think the best one I've had is the pork one. the other ones have been so-so. I've not the biggest fan of the crinkle fries that come with the meal. I would say that they might put a little too much lettuce on their sandwhiches because normally when I am done I have a little mini-salad to eat from all the stuff that has fallen out.

But then again, maybe I am just a slob.

My friend that I mentioned above loves the place, so he'd probably give it a 4-star.
I stopped in for a late lunch after walking the square and other areas of downtown Pitt. The meal was excellent.  Form the Sienna chopped salad to the stuffed meatball pasta. All fresh and house made. Amanda was an excellent server! I will be back if I make it back to this burg.
I'll keep this one short and sweet. Fast seating, great service, delicious breakfast, for the right price. I hope this spot doesn't become like every other breakfast spot around here with a two hour wait so that we can come back. Phillip was my server and he was such a sweetheart and great with my son. The pound cake French toast was to die for, next time I want to try the croissant French toast and the chicken and waffles. Thanks, Metro Diner, so glad you're here!
We ordered the shrimp plate,roasted lamb and calamari. The food is seriously crazy good. Lamb was so soft and shrimps were huge! Not those tiny ones u vet everywhere else. Calamari portion was small and it's on the pricey side but after u take the first bit u realize it's worth every penny.
Food is good service is lousy. May be my last time. Need to find new Brazilian restaurant. Very disappointed with the service.  They need to improve on quality of servers.
If I could pick one word to describe this buffet, the best I can say is that it is "fun." The buffet quality is great, but not 41.00 great, I have a feeling this place is all hype. Overall, the quality is there, the atmosphere is really nice, and the service is perfect, if service at a buffet is really a concern.

Food selection is unique, got to try things like marrow, roasted goat leg, and a custom Mac and cheese station, made a bacon and shrimp Mac and cheese...

I'll say give it a try, your experience and thoughts might be better than mine, but I feel I won't be back.
So apparently a common denominator that my group shared when we arrived at this restaurant was they many of us have drove passed it at some point, but has never stopped to check out the food. Well this time we finally have and so far it seems like a restaurant worth revisiting. 

Environment:
The plaza at Sheppard\/Birchmount was renovated quite recently that I still have fond memories of what it used to be.However, like many within my group, none of us have revisited the plaza after the renovated was done. 
I find that the parking lot is quite busy as there aren't enough parking space to accommodate all the traffic to the restaurants at this plaza. Also, the drivers seem to be quite rude and drive recklessly, a common horror that I experience at many Chinese oriented plazas. 
To my surprise, the restaurant doesn't seem to be very well renovated upon walking in. Somehow the decor feels like it is stuck in the 70s, which reminds me of traditional HK restaurants, where you see promo dishes written on colourful construction paper hanging on the wall. The space is quite large though, with many large round tables, which can easily accommodate for big groups or special events.    

Food:
Between the 8 of us we ordered 9 dishes to share. We didn't order the group combo with set dishes because many people in my party felt that the price was too high and they didn't want to get those expensive seafoods. We opted for the Neighbour's special menu instead, where they have close to $40 items to choose from at $7.95 each. A good thing about the menu is that on one side it's in Chinese, and on the back it's fully translated in English.
Some of the things that we ordered that I really liked include the honey short ribs, deep fried noodle with seafood, seafood hot casserole, deep fried squid, and mapo tofu (it is actually spicy!). The restaurant offers complementary soup before the meal and dessert after. Normally they serve oranges with fortune cookies for dessert, however, they ran out of oranges that time so we got taro tapioca sweet cold soup (芋头西米糖水) instead. The sweet soup was really good and they use real taro and not the power stuff.

Service:
Most of the servers there predominantly speak Cantonese, but they can understand Mandarin and English as well. Overall the service is average, they did satisfy all our requests, but don't expect them to come to you with smile on their face. 
During our experience there they take both cash and credit card.
Service was fast, food is pretty okay, but service is terrible. They forgot food, gave us less than the amount we ordered and we asked for a fork 4 times. We never got the fork. One of the servers told us to ask someone else. 
The other location is much better
Fantastic staff
Fantastic service
Fresh food
Everything was available
No long line 
Why 2 stars? Well your food container are half the size everywhere else :\/
I don't know if you guys were out or trying to cut on food cost but I expect same container as any other Panda, I received a little over half the food I normally get at any other Panda Express:((((
I really don't know what else there is to be said about Binks. It's an incredible casual setting of Binkleys. I love Binkleys and have always went. And now that Binks is closer to my place I go all the time. 

 Incredible place. Calming classic vibe. Clean. The staff is calm wonderful and eclectic. The food is beyond phenomenal. And I love how they have some items on the menu that are different but bc you trust the name Binks you trust that the food combinations will work so you try out the new adventure of food and it comes out wonderful!! It's just great. We went during restaurant week as well, and it was perfect. It's that bite of food that instantly puts a smile on your face.
I needed a notary right away and Rob was at our door in under an hour after our initial contact. He was personable, efficient and a pleasure to work with, and his rates are very reasonable. I highly recommend Las Vegas Mobile Notary.
I'm shocked that this location has gotten positive reviews. I'm from Northeastern Pennsylvania and am a huge Dunkin fan so I was very excited when I found out that Pitt had one so close to campus but honestly they have the worst coffee I have ever had. Every time I go in, my iced coffee tastes burnt and the one time I ordered an iced tea, my tea tasted like coffee??? The employees are nice and the place\/location is great but my god, will you learn how to brew coffee?
Your ad says you close in one minute I still don't have my order from two hours ago where is it?  I waited 3 hours and their third party delivery service never showed up and no one seemed to care.
I used Las Vegas Guest List on my recent trip to Las Vegas. I only had time to check out one venue. They kept in contact with me. I was texted to let me know when to arrive. Girls were given a drink ticket. We had no problems getting on the guest list or into the club. The process was hassle free. I definitely will use Las Vegas Guest List next time I'm visiting Las Vegas.
Lunch specials are DELICIOUS!  Number 15 is my favorite.   Thai coffee is so good.   Hidden gem in an old plaza!
I highly recommend this company. They respond quick, provide excellent service, and take care of the problem the right way. I could tell they're highly knowledgeable since I have had other companies come in the past, and the bees keep coming back. Mountainview pest control was able to realize there was honey and removed it, taking care of all my problems.  Also the employees who came out were courteous, polite, and did a fantastic job.
My husband and I got really sick (vomiting\/diarrhea)  eating here for the first time, we got a bad bug and I've been sick for 3 days. My husband got a lio better yesterday, besides the fact they got his order wrong and if the order was right maybe he would've gotten sick too. We just moved to this area and we live 2 min from this place. Too bad. Be careful with what u eat cause we can just think that the meat was spoiled ir they are not hygienic enough cause this bug is no game.
Came here to watch Monday night Football.   No audio because the Pittsburgh penguins were playing.. So you think when the game was over they would switch the audio to the football game.... Nope,  juke box music.   If your looking to watch a football game go somewhere else.
Love it! 
I have nothing but positives to post here. Dr Foster was great with me and my pup. She took her time answering all of my questions and had my boy wagging his tail through our whole appointment. You can tell she really loves what she does and cares about her patients. Great vet, great place, great experience!
Yeah, it would be one star if it were only based on the food.

I have no idea why this place is so raved about, after  4 times trying to get a good meal here I am DONE. The last time, my date ordered the small prime rib 8 oz and she was delivered about 16 ounces instead -- because it was ALL FAT! For some reason I was foolish enough to order the lamb chops since I had heard they had been great lately. I won't order lamb at most restaurants because it is rarely done correctly, and Durants was solidly with the worst of them.

I gladly pay the price at other restaurants for great food, but if you are looking for some great steak, prime rib, or other great dinners, the best in the area I could send someone to is Feeneys on 12th. I don't think they are the best I've had, but consistently very good at the least.

Great place for happy hour btw, that is the ONLY reason this review isn't one star!
Special occasion masterpiece that is worth a trip across the valley or even across the country. Simultaneous service by 4 waiters for four people. Chef provided extra course treats and adapted to food preferences\/ intolerances.
I'll sum it up quickly:  the service is great, and the sandwiches are BOMB!!! (I'd suggest putting that cherry pepper relish on your sub for some extra kick.)

Ever since this location opened, I've wanted to try it out.  Been going back for a couple months now, and I love the place.  Their "Original Italian" is just delicious.  If you haven't been there yet, you gotta go!

You don't go there and pay five bucks for a limp sub that has you searching for meat.  At Jersey Mike's, it's a little pricier, but you get a big sandwich with big flavor, and there's plenty to share.  I also appreciate seeing smiling staff that you can actually hold a conversation with while they make your order.  That puts me in a good mood even after a long day at work.

Good food, good service.  I'll be back, and I'm bringing others with me!
This place is a Joke!  Unfortunately, there is no other choice for my family to purchase shirts for my daughter's school.  They obviously cannot keep up with the demand because year after year they do not have stock.  It was not my first unpleasant visit.  The back room is so messy and unorganized.  Each year they blame their vendor- as I suggested last year-- maybe it's time to get another vendor.  The girl helping me was rude and unprofessional.  I asked a question and she ignored me and she threw the pen down and rolled her eyes.  I asked for a manager- I end up getting the owner.  Not much better than the girl helping me.  In fact, he stood there as if he was trying to intimidate me.  For example, I looked over at his shelves to see what items were stocked and he scolded me that I wasn't making eye contact with him and they is what a child does.  That alone is not called for and unprofessional.  He suggested I shop earlier in the summer.  Not sure about you but my kids grow over the summer & I choose to wait until time is closer to buy clothing and shoes!
At some point I mentioned customer service and that I manage a multi billion dollar business- and once I told him where he wanted to give me feedback on my place of employment..  fine- but do that when you are at my place of work not when I am at yours complaining of stock and rude employees!!  I work for a fortune 200 company and our clients are well taken care of!  
After further discussion he did say he would ship my daughters shirts to me and he would speak to his staff.  

On my way to the car I had another family tell me that they have experienced the same issues.  It is a shame that this is only place we can use!
It's like Schwartz's but with better smoked meat (and Karnatzl's) and worse hours. Much better smoked meat. Much worse hours.
I'm going middle of the road on this one because I think it has potential, but there are a lot of little annoyances that really pile up. 

The good...
- The food was very flavorful overall and the meat was tender enough to cut with a fork.    We sampled the brisket, the dirty fries, and the mac and cheese.  The mac and cheese was a little bland, but the meal showed a lot of promise.  There isn't a really good barbeque place in town, so this fills a void.  
- The portions are pretty large overall.  The place seems geared toward a family style type of ordering process, which is what I would recommend.   We paid $34 for the food part of our meal, which was more than enough for two people.  You could very easily spend 2-3 times as much depending on what you order, but there is a range of options.  
- The service.  For a new restaurant, the service was decent.  It took a long time to get the check; but other than that, he was friendly and was around when needed.  I also like that they pack the leftovers for you when it's time to go.   

The annoyances...
- The plates are way too small.  We got a lunch tray with our food and then two tiny side plates.  No room to arrange a meal on the plate or sample the sauces.  At best, you can get a few bites of one or two things at a time on that plate.      
- The seating arrangement is not awesome.  "Our" table, when it was ready, turned out to be a communal table up front.  I had a humongous table leg directly in front of me, so I had to sit awkwardly and was super close to the strangers on either side of me.  There was no place for my purse or jacket at all.  When our server came to fill our waters, he could barely squeeze in to reach them.  From my seat, I couldn't reach any of the sauces, silverware, paper towels, etc. without asking a stranger to pass them over.  As a result, I only tried one sauce.  
- Our food was cold.  Both the brisket and mac and cheese were served lukewarm at best.  I chalk that up to the newness of the place, but it did affect my overall meal.  
- So noisy.  We had to shout across the table to hear each other.   That combined with being so close to other patrons made conversation sort of awkward.  I couldn't hear the server and he couldn't hear me.  The décor is not in any way designed to knock down the noise level, so be prepared.   
- Canned wine.  Now, I am a cheap wine connoisseur and can absolutely appreciate a can of wine; however, I cannot appreciate a $24 can of wine.  It was pretty decent tasting and I did appreciate that it was two glasses at once (so I didn't have to make that poor server squish in to serve me another), but I feel like you've got to have a lot of nerve to charge $24 for a can of wine.  

All in all, it's another DeShantz restaurant.  Overdone and a little pretentious.  Prices on the highest end of reasonable, but with food that stands up.
Most of the food was good chicken was brutal and service started strong but fizzled fast ,in my previous visits I would struggle to complain but not this time, hopefully just a fluke
Hi all -
I am a larger retired guy that has been told by several people that I have no business climbing a ladder and going up on the roof to check out my A\/C unit.
Back in September 2010, my 'home warranty' people send a guy out to inspect my system. I was told that it all looked okay, but it 'needed' the coils cleaned. When I questioned the service guy about it, he proceeded to explain that the temperature changes OUT HERE causes a scale-like deposit to form on the interior and exterior surfaces of the coils that need periodic cleaning. Fortunately, I passed on the cleaning.

I recently discovered Yelp and read Dani's review and called Norris for an appointment for the procedure. An appointment was made PLUS they told me to go to their website and print out a copy of a coupon that would significantly reduce the price.

Reno came out ON TIME, and checked out the system and said everything work fine. I asked about the coil cleaning and he gave me a funny look. After telling him the story, he said that it was just an attempt to get paid for useless work, and that there was no such issue with my type of unit.

Total cost? Just a shade over 60 bucks.

I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND A CALL TO NORRIS, IF YOU HAVE A NEED.
Love this spot! Good food, lots of tv's and above all else I love that they have hooks under the pub tabs for purses. Genius!
I wasn't all that impressed with this place.. They didn't have certain basic items like ginger ale or red bull sugar free which I always thought was pretty standard item. I had to have the bar tender remake my drink as it was too strong (and trust me, I like my drinks strong). The food was plain and small portions given the price. No fun games or pool. Just a few slot machines. Tiny spot.
Yonge and Egs best bar, great for food and drinks.   All the staff is awesome and the beer is really cold.
I'm a bar eater meaning I love sitting at the bar enjoying good conversation with my friends and the bartenders - and this place you can do just that, a great place for conversation and good food, I had the sweet chili wings and they were really good probably the best in town that I have had.
I really wanted to like this place more, but it's only okay! I had tried most of the treats at the Yelp event, but really wanted to try to soft serve and some of the other treats I had previously sampled. 

Tip number one: get there early! If not, try to order online. They were out of some of the treats I had my heart set on. I ended up getting the crack pie milkquake, the compost cookie and a slice of crack pie.

The milkquakes are priced at $10, and is maybe around 16oz.. don't quote me on the size. It seemed pretty small for the price, but I wasn't able to finish it. The crack pie\/cereal milk combo is super sweet and rich. I definitely wouldn't want it again unless it came in a mini version. The crack pie was crumbled into the soft serve in large chunks. Had it been better incorporated, it may have enhanced the taste. The compost cookie is good.. I have previously reviewed it, so I won't go into great detail. The price is a bit much though.. $3 plus tax. 

If you want to try the soft serve, they offer generous sample size. I tried the cereal milk soft on its own, and I wasn't inpressed. It does taste a lot like cornflake milk, which is pretty neat, just it's not my favorite combo.

The crack pie is priced at $6.50 plus tax.. ouch! It's good, but not worthy of its name or price tag.

Overall, it's a neat place to try. The best thing they have, the cake, is way overpriced. I'm not sure if I'll return. Maybe if I'm in the area?
We arrived at 235pm for lunch. We took an Uber in order to get here.  We were promptly told that it closes at 3, which at that time all the food would be removed. 

Not quite getting the brusque attitude, we asked to speak to the manager. Spoke with Alex. He said the same, in fact said that most of the food is empty anyway as they haven't been filling it in anticipation of closing. 

I'm sorry but the attitude sucks! He didn't even care. If you get there before 3 keep the food until people are done just don't refill. That's logical. Not impressed with his reaction or lack of empathy.
I don't even know where to begin with GLBC. Simply, they are the best to me.  They make so many good quality beers that they are my go-to brewery in most occasions.  Of their "everyday" beers, Edmund Fitzgerald is their best.  However, the seasonal beers is what makes this place great. Lake Erie monster, blackout stout (don't even get me started on BABOS - maybe my favorite beer of all time), Nosferatu, or Christmas ale are all great choices.  Great Lakes just flat out knows how to make beer.
One of the best used bookstores I have visited.  Earlier in the day, I had been at a Barnes & Noble and spent $60 on three books and a magazine.  If only I had waited, I would have saved myself about half that amount and gotten more books.  My son and his girl friend brought me here to browse and see what I could find.  Besides books, there are games, cds, musical instruments and more items for purchase.
The books titles are organized by subject (YA, bio, fiction, non-fiction, graphic novels, etc.) and by author on the shelves.  I am a sci-fi\/ fantasy fan and I was surprised of the titles available.  They weren't the newest titles but if one is reading a series, it is better to pay a lower price on the older titles.  The condition of the five books I purchased was like they were brand new.  
In the short time, I was here, I was impressed by their children's section.  Lots of titles on many subjects.

I am from out of the area, but would be a regular customer if I lived in Charlotte.
Oh my goodness, where do i even start. The steak tacos are probably the best tacos i have EVER had. The first bite and i was in love. The meat is full of a delicious, juicy, smokey flavor. Unfortunately i was only in town visiting, i live in California which means that i would have to drive 6 hours to get a hold of these tacos.
Really nice selection of clothes and great service! Alexandra helped us find some cute dresses during their sale (Parker & clover canyon brands). She let my friend and I share a fitting room which is really rare nowadays.
Molly Maids Southeast Las Vegas, Thank You for a fantastic move in, you did a great job. The Ladies were fantastic. It's so nice after a log day at work to come home to a fresh clean house. As a business owner I work long hours and need the help. I appreciate the attention to detail and some of the natural cleaning alternatives used, I don't like chemical smells. I see others who have posted. FYI to reviewers having maids is a relationship and takes time for them to get to know what you like at least a couple of cleans, also I suggest contacting the company having them fix issues as they come up, this is the proper action to take. If there were no social media or computers we would be forced to call, if there were no phones you would have to write a letter. Just FYI to consider. To many people have lost touch, human touch and have no consideration for others or businesses. I call it social media abuse. If after all attempts fail to resolve an issue with a company, then by all means publish the whole story to warn consumers of unsatisfactory performance. But I think 90% of businesses are willing to fix all issues promptly as most companies have guarantees on services. I am a small business owner, and I do. How about give the same courtesy to a maid or other businesses as an employer would to you, as they allow for corrections and improvements. Thank you James and Molly Maids Las Vegas for a great job!
All in all, I'd give this place 3 stars

Pros: 
Every food selection is exactly $5!!! Where can you get a good meal that is $5 now days?!

Plays BANGER songs ! Everyone's always dancing or singing along


Cons:
Every alcoholic drink is waaayyy OVERPRICED  (in fair, it is to make up for cheap food)

Plays great music, BUT it can be suuuuperrr loud. So loud that would have to basically SCREAM your order to the waitress

There's almost always a long line to get inside the venue  (about 15-35 minutes)

There's not enough washrooms! On top of waiting in line outside, there's almost a line to use the washroom as well


It's a chill place to be but wouldn't recommend going on a date or something. More like a place for friends and quick eats
Always great beer and a pleasant patio, and now the food offerings have expanded and are quite tasty, so "hooray!
I've had a few takeaway steak and chicken pot pies here and all I can say is they were average. Sort of bland, actually. Not much in terms of seasoning or spices and nothing special.

Very small, given the price.

Obviously, nowhere near as good as homemade meat pies.

The fruit pies I've tried have been good.
First time here; watched hockey match and enjoyed the beers. Order the beer samplers if not sure which beer to choose. Nachos are great; I added steak to it. Smoked meat sandwich is great too
So 3 stars about sums it up. The service was good, food was pretty good, and options were plentiful. However, everything does have a 'pre-packaged' feel to it. Now that isn't totally bad, it worked in a pinch. I got the sushi I was looking for but I just don't have an urge to go back. If you're in the area and want some OK sushi, I would say try it. Just keep in mind this wasn't even as good as the sushi booth in my local grocery store.
It seems like the Bombay on Green Street and First Street are the same franchise but this Bombay on First Street seems cleaner and nicer than the other one on Green Street. The place seems very intimate and quiet -a nice place to take your hot date lol. Each table was set up nicely with utensils, folded tablecloth, plates, and water glasses. Also one of the staff would lit your table with tiny tea candles as you get adjusted. I think the nice staff and the environment made the food even more enjoyable. 

My boyfriend and I shared a Lamb Aloo Ginger Curry entree with butter na'an and samosa. The Lamb Aloo Ginger Curry had tender pieces of lamb and potatoes in some kind of ginger curry sauce. I really liked how the curry wasn't too hot but hot enough to enjoy the flavors. Also, I think Bombay makes the best naan in CU. You can't forgot about naan! I have a penchant for naan at Indian restaurants. Bombay's naan was so soft, fresh, and warm. A great addition to your meal.  

I also recommend people to try the Samosa. They are crispy crab ragoon-like shaped appetizer, stuffed with potatoes & green peas.I loved how everything came out fresh out of the kitchen, and our whole meal was perfect for two people. I think two curry entrees can be a little too much. The price was eh a little too much. I think the price at Indian restaurants can be a little too much, but this meal was too enjoyable to complain about the price of the meal. The staff was friendly and the food was great. I am a fan of Bombay Grill.
Very good and affordable service way better then taking an uber or taxi. I waited less then 5 minutes and the driver was friendly and loaded my bags in the bus for me. Definitely take a shuttle to your hotel when you come to vages and save some money.
I would not put one star if 0 was an option. I was a new car manager for 3 years at an auto group so i went here to get my wife's and my business partners new cars. It was just awful they changed the price many times on my business partners car and ended up sticking him with almost 4000 more than the price was suppose to be after changing the contract on him over 4 times and making him jump through hoops. On my wife's car they also played the change the price game a bunch of times but once we got the deal done they call us back in to re sign the loan paperwork because the payoff balance was a different amount, so after working all day i load up my wife and kids in the car at 6:30 pm at night and drive the 45 mins down there to wait 45 mins, then get brought into the FNI office where the lady tells us that we are not resigning but we need to pay $1,500 to cover the gap. I was upset by this because i just drove down there i don't have a check book on me or anything so I ask the question "Why didn't anyone tell me that over the phone so i knew the real reason I had to come down" everyone blamed everyone and no one owned up to it, so i took off and said I would be back to drop off the check. I call up there to talk to David in FNI and let him know that I was going to come down today and drop the check off for the $1500 and he said wait no you need to bring a check in for a bit over $3000! I asked how in the world is it now over 3000 when just the other day i was told to bring in 1500. He told me that I said I was going to put 1500 down, I said no I never said that and when I got the text from the sales person to come in to get the car everyone at the dealership knew I was putting 0 down and trading in a car plus its in the text saying 0 down. Also I went through FNI and did all the paperwork for the loan and nobody asked for any money down nor did they say anything about it because I didn't say I was doing doing that. So i get home today and look over my paperwork and no where in any of my paperwork does it say anything about money down. At this point i am done I have my wife empty the car and I drive down there and the lady in FNI is trying to show me on a computer screen how there was 1500 down in the deal but couldn't show me in the signed paperwork where it was. That is just crazy that these people think they can do that to people and get away with it. I gave them their car back and took my car, I have a meeting tomorrow with my lawyer and the GM rep that over sees this area, we will be buying the same car at another dealership next week but these people are going to answer for what they did they even tried to grab the paperwork I have so i wouldn't have a copy of it. This is the worst dealership I have ever been in my life and if you are working a deal with them and you are reading this RUN don't walk but RUN away they will steal your money and change your contract before you go back for paperwork. If you have done a deal with them sit down and read through your paperwork I bet the numbers don't match. They are crooks and its time for them to answer for it.
We got tickets at the Tix4Tonight stand and two tickets were  around $94.

It is a small venue at the Excalibur inside the arcade area. I thought that was kind of weird to be all the way downstairs, stucked away...oh wellz...whatever works right?

We sat in the Ireland section...yeahhh!!!!! The food was pretty delicious surprisingly. The cornish hen (wait...was it chicken????) was flavorful and if i could've taken the dessert to-go, i would. Had a few bites but was way too full to eat the rest. They also serve beer for an additional price so all you alcoholics that somehow got dragged or forced to see this, have no fear.

The show was very entertaining....if you have a rowdy crowd, it would be more fun. Our crowd that night was....eh...they started off quiet but loosened up a bit in the end. Even though our knight lost every battle, we still had a great time cheering!!!!  HUZZAH!!!!!!!!
Really good spot. You must be the meat and cheese board!  fantastic!
Stepping into Human Production is like walking into an art gallery. I have been tattooed by both Amber and Jesse. The first time, Amber took me EARLY at 11am (the shop doesn't open until noon)and although I was nervous, she explained the entire procedure and what to expect. Amber has such a sweet, free spirited personality. She and Jesse are ridiculously talented and obviously put time & effort into creating their artwork. My fiancé gets tattooed at least every other month here-I'm not exaggerating. Ben, the owner, has always greeted me upon entering & everyone has offered me bottled water-great for longer sessions! Highly recommend!
This spot was FUN! 

I enjoyed the wave pool, there was enough variety in the slides that it kept myself and my 30 year old boyfriend pretty entertained. And the price of admission was very inexpensive! Then again, I am from Seattle, so I don't have much to go off of when it comes to Waterparks :P
As feed stores go this is pretty good. This is not Starbucks so service is more  a guy thing than some of you might prefer. Everybody I have worked with has been courteous and efficient. I get hay in big loads and they always load it and do a good job. Prices are always competitive and they have what I need.

I agee that they sometimes will tell you they have an item and then when you show up there may be an different story. I am always specific when I call though and that rarely happens to me.

You may feel they don't care if you stop in or not but that is more  a product of youth in the staff than owners attitude. They run a good feed store and the feed is clean.

Over all I like them and reccomend them.
Kids had a great day in this clean, family theme park.  It has become a must stop destination for our family when visiting grandparents.  

A new roller coaster is needed (or non-rocking, spinning thrill ride), though land space may be an issue.
Great food... Great Service... Nice attention to details & a wide variety of food options.  I would sure love some organic choices to be added & some grass fed, stage four, no hormone, no antibiotic meat at some if the nice Las Vegas restaurants... Hope we see that soon!!!
Awesome food! Red chicken curry, orange chicken, and chow mein are some favorites. Definitely worth trying.
Update:  Owner finally made things right.  I have given 3 stars because of the incident noted below.  However, I would have given five stars based solely on the quality of the work that they performed.  But, I had to deduct two stars because of poor communication and missed appointments.  This is a small business and they do exceptional work.  If you decide to give them a chance, I recommend setting out the ground rules in advance.

After home warranty work was completed, we were asked to pay $490 for non-covered charges, which we had never been made aware of and had not authorized.  When we questioned this, we were promised a complete invoice and that our credit card would not be charged until we had reviewed and approved the charges.  Needless to say, the $490 was immediate charged to our account.  We were promised a full refund and a year's worth of free service.  We have been waiting over a month and have yet to receive the PROMISED refund.  When you call, you are told, the refund has been processed and that you will have it soon.  Now they don't return calls or email.  When I call from home phone, they don't answer.  When I call from a different phone, they answer.  We are in the process of filing a claim in small claims court to recoup our money.  In addition, we have filed formal complaint with the Registrar of Contractors, the home warranty company, and the BBB.  We will NEVER use this company again and they can keep their year's worth of free service.   The owners will tell you that their company is built on providing excellent customer service, but this is the worst service company we have ever had to deal with.
I have a South Indian food addiction.  I travel a lot and had previously sworn the only decent places to eat it are in Singapore and South India.  But I am really impressed with the quality and flavors here. Everything was really fresh, the chutneys & sambar flavorful, and of all things, the masala chai was off the hook.  Everything is pure veg, so you know the chefs are legit and it shows.   I used to be "meh" on Phoenix but now I can't wait to come back just to eat here again.
This place is the burner! I am not even vegan but I love eating there. Their ice cream is out of this world and their food tastes amazing. The place is fairly simple but it still gives you a nice feeling when you there or you can just call in and take the food with you. The waiters are great and you feel comfortable talking to them. An absolute must if you live in scottsdale
Coming from a Spanish family, I had a lot of expectations when dining at Mallorca.  The menu was ok but not as authentic as I was expecting--no fabada which is one of my favorite dishes.  We started with the mussels in spicy sauce--it was ok--sauce was not spicy but had that spanish white wine red sauce taste which seemed promising.  For our entrees, we ordered a pork in Osso bucco style and stuffed trout.  The pork was cooked well, but the sauce was tasteless--a very bland tomato sauce which did not marry with the pork at all.  The trout was even worst--stuffed with a mayonaisse crab that tasted a few days old!  The trout was then drenched in a butter sauce that when combined with the mayo seemed just too much.  I had a lot of expectations and they weren't met even half way.  I would recommend against going to this restaurant there are a lot of other really great restaurants in Cleveland..
Yummy. Visited during lunch with a co-worker. Had the chicken shawarma and Greek salad combo. Reasonably priced and pretty tasty.
There was only one waiter on a Thursday night.  We could tell he was busy when we sat, and thought about leaving after about twenty minutes of sitting at a table without service.  But we stayed, and knowing he was completely in the weeds didn't make a fuss and still tipped...however the service was pretty bad since he had at least five tables with more people coming in after us.  We each had an order of the fresh shrimp rolls which were good.  I had the wonton soup with pork and seafood stuffed wontons which was good and satisfying.  The food was good and not that pricey, so if the service would have been better would have given more stars.  But as a byob. we sat with a bottle of wine that didn't get opened with no glasses for at least 45 minutes until the appetizers came.  So good food, but won't be back.
Rooms are super trendy, beds are very comfortable. You have a small kitchenette with fridge, microwave, cooker, etc so it great for longer stays. And you basically won't find anything like this on the strip near this price.

I give Palms Place five stars because of value, but it helps if it suits your needs. If you want to be set back off the strip a few blocks and don't want the hustle and bustle of a casino as you come and go this place is perfect. If you're in the mood for the usual Vegas craziness it just a short walk via the automated walkway over to the main Palms resort. Which has the casino, party pool, clubs, imax movie theater, restaurants etc.

I come to Vegas for work and Palms Place suites me down to the ground, if I am entertaining customers and want a little action we just head over to Palms or grab a $5 cab ride to the strip. I have stayed everywhere in Vegas and Palms Place is now my regular spot.

You have to book a high floor with a strip view or else it kinda sucks. Mountain side is decent if you like to sleep until noon as it doesn't get the morning sun.
New choice is my go to place for Chinese food and ever since they renovated I have been going more and more. We came here on the grand reopening night and it was packed!

The interior is modern, clean and less cramped than before. The menus have been updated with photos AND English (for those who can't read Chinese like me). 

In terms of food, my favorite dishes include:
-baked lobster with creamy cheese
-baked ribs in thousand island sauce
-deep fried chicken wings with chilli salt
-shredded salt braised chicken
-braised duck with taro in plum sauce

The list can go on with so many items on their menu. In addition, their HK style milk tea is one of my favorites. I highly recommend this place for dinner and its open late (4am) if you're craving a midnight snack.

Remember CASH ONLY!
Tons of seating both indoors and outdoors.  Lots of room for kids to play outside on the grass.  Food is delicious and decent priced.  I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a good spot to take friends and family for BBQ lunch or dinner in the East Valley.
Only BBQ joint close to home on the West side. Food wasn't bad by any means but they have areas that they can improve. 

More of a home-style feel dining area with not a ton of seating. Good variety of BBQ. 
They have their signature boneless ribs that was featured on Shark Tank. Pulled pork was juicy but I was disappointed that they only have one BBQ sauce. 

Kettle chips that they serve are dusted with seasoning which is fantastic. Service was poor considering there was not a lot of people dining for lunch. Pricing is very reasonable. Bubbas is good but there's nothing extremely special that makes me want to come back in a real hurry.
I just purchased a brand new Jeep Cherokee not even two weeks ago and already had a minor dent on the back driver's side. I scheduled an appointment with these guys at noon and showed up a half hour early. They took my car in right way. I was in and out of there in a half hour and my Cherokee is once again in pristine condition! These guys are the real deal and take pride and time to please their customers.
Best vegan\/vegetarian restaurant! Love the food! Especially the pizza! The desserts are fabulous too! We come weekly.
Avoid. They quoted me one price online, then seemed to forget that price altogether once I got there in person with cash, ready to pay. They told me they couldn't go down to the price they quoted, even though I had cash in hand, and was ready to buy the exact car that they gave the quote for online. So, either one of 2 things happened: (1) They lied to me online, or (2) They lied to my face. I don't know about you, but I distrust car dealers as it is, and I have absolutely zero tolerance for dishonesty. If you can't meet a price, don't quote it, and sure as hell don't waste my time. Also, when you pull a bait & switch, you are supposed to tell me that the car you quoted me on is no longer available, then try to sell me a more expensive one, not renege on the same exact car that you gave me the quote for. F-ing amateurs.  

Also, with that in mind, as someone else pointed out, they tried pulling just about every cliche sales tactic in the book. I found this to be extremely insulting to my intelligence, since I did my research online, communicated extensively with them through email, and I knew what I was coming in for. I thought we could at least have a more professional dealer-customer relationship, so the chiche sales bull***t showed me that they have no respect for their customers. Especially when they came out with the MSRP price as the first offer, despite having previously negotiated online. Then, try to throw in over $1000 worth of dealer add-ons, despite the fact that I made it extremely clear that I wanted a base model car, with no add-ons. 

There are other dealers in the area. Buy from one who respects their customers, and appreciates your business. You don't have to put of with sleazy, underhanded sales tactics, and inflated prices.
Took my mom here to get a snack. We ordered vegetarian nachos and drinks. Strawberry margarita was decent even though it was $12 but I know, I know... strip prices. The nachos were AWEEEEESSSSOME!! I love love love white queso on nachos and these were so darn good. We tried to eat them all but it was a huge serving. Waiter was friendly and attentive. I'd go back just for the nachos. mmmm!
This place is always great . Our server was fun & nice . I love their tour of Italy . Only bad part is they got rid of their cream sodas but you can still low key ask them to make you one lol
The food was pretty good, but not the service. They took forever to bring us the food and then the waitress was rude. Forgot her name. Has short dark hair up to the shoulders and had a tattoo on her arm. If you can't work with people don't work in a place that serves food! Not sure if it was because we are from a different ethnic group or if she is just rude to everyone. 

Will not be going back. Even if the food was good, if the service if horribe the place is bad.
Tried this newer restaurant this week for happy hour with my friend.  The HH menu was great but more importantly, the food was AWESOME!!  Ordered the meatballs and the sweet potatoes with fennel.  The flavors and sauces were great.  I would love to see what dinner brings!  Highly recommend.
The chicken sandwich (I know...its a burger joint) is fabulous!  They offer great service and food.  It's a bit pricey for a burger...however it is a step above.  The atmosphere is very hip with lots of attention to details.
What can I say about this place that hasn't been said already? Probably nothing...

or maybe that if you are a vegetarian you can still eat here. YAY!

Get the grilled cheese animal style, you won't regret it!

If you're a meat eater get a burger animal style. 

DO IT!

The end
Great food Great Vibe ! And Affordable too!  few people ordered Corn on the Cob so I followed suit ..sorry don't really like it - smothered in something and topped with Mexican cheese ..,needs salt
I have to say this was the best buying experience of my life. Art was the best salesman ever. No pressure it was very professional. Everybody go see Art!!!
Just ok. Had the fried shrimp, below average same with French fries. The vegetable mix was decent. My husband had the stuffed pork chop, mashed potatoes and gravy. He gave it all a thumbs up. I took a taste of the potatoes and are not fresh but I'm a fan of the box stuff so I agreed they were good. The service was good but it's doubtful that we'll be back
We had the best experience here! The service was excellent and the food\/drink was delicious! We split a couple different things to try and it was all fantastic. We started with the Kepta Duona and it was the best. I already can't wait to go back and order this again. We also had the beet salad, Chicken Kiev, and the cabbage rolls. Everything was really good and we loved the presentation. Our server was also very knowledgable with all of the food and drink. Our drinks were very good and the atmosphere is so nice! The ambiance is very impressive. They did great on the design!!
One of the best pizzas I've had in a long time. Got the Bianca with bacon added. Amazing. Definitely going back.
They have a reputation for amazing breads, cheeses. pastries as well as cakes....and it's justly deserved. They have a variety of things you can pick up fresh, made the same day. I love their breads and some of my favorite breakfast places offer slices of fresh bread from this place. Heavenly!

I came here with a co-worker to get some of their lunch options, I took their Italian sausage sandwich, which I had them grilled for me. It was delicious. I took a side of chinotto and we dined on the terrace under the sun in warm weather and light refreshing breeze. I was a happy man!

I'd rate this place 5 stars but will dock this place 1 star for a stupid comment one of the staff said to us who didn't want to prepare 2 sandwiches for us because apprently we weren't paying on the same bill. I was forced to get another number and wait a few more minutes for honestly no reason at all. 

Silly staff woman can't handle 2 sandwiches.
White Castle was in Las Vegas as a food truck during the Las Vegas Foodie Fest previous years and the line for it was un-fricken-believable. Reportedly, people waited long hours for the infamous tiny sliders. I didn't wait for it personally, but I did see the extreme amount of people in line as I was exploring other (and better) food options. And now it's here not as a mobile restaurant, but an actual restaurant, hidden away in the Casino Royale. 

To find it, you need to walk a little bit, so make time for that. I don't mind playing tourist in my own city every now and then, but lemme tell ya, for White Castle? Not worth it!

The little sliders are, at best, just cute. The meat was dry and it didn't help that the regular sliders were like 90% buns and meat. There were onions and pickles on it but it seemed like 2 little tiny pieces of diced onions, and a pickle the size of a dime. I prefer the cheese sliders over the regular ones.

About 5-6 sliders can fill me up really good on a hungry day, so order accordingly. The way they fill up the beer with the magnet is pretty cool! :) Oh, and perks, 10% off for locals with a local ID!

I'd say this place isn't really worth the hassle to get... maybe a good place to stop by when you're playing tourist in your own city, but that's about it.
We went for Sunday dim sum and I have to say I was seriously impressed.  The decor is a little over the top with marble.  The sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf and pan fried beef ribs are dim sum staples for me and were both excellent.  The pan fried chive shrimp and fried sticky dumpling with chicken were also great.  The service was fast and pleasant in French maid garb.  The prices are quite reasonable.  We will definitely be back.  It's busy on Sunday so come early.
I haven't been to PVL in over a decade and I've never been here sober.  Place hasn't changed much but I think It might be a tad cleaner. Bathroom wasn't repulsive. 

The live music was great although the sound in that place blows. Will definitely return to see some great local bands. 


Palo Verde Lounge is a  Tempe institution. Great local metal and thrash scene. 
Don't be scared it's not that bad.
Ugo Rondinone's Seven Magic Mountains art installation is "a creative expression of human presence in the desert, (and) punctuates the Mojave with a poetic burst of form and color." The installation is only available till 2018. I highly recommend calling 702-381-5182 for the exhibit's free audio tour--it's short (best if listened to while still in car), informative, and gives you a better understanding of the exhibit. 

Rondinone's install was well worth the dusty and windy detour, especially since we were on the way home from Vegas.
Fast service, nice sized portions a love that you can try several samples to decide what works for you. Fun combo of beans, rice and the main course. If you're a purist looking for Mexican or Chinese, Chino Bandido isn't for you. But a fun and creative restaurant.
Aight ya'll if you haven't been here you are genuinely missing out. Between the amazing menu and the customer service and affordable prices it will make you question why you'd go anywhere else. Our waitress was Windy, and she was on point, she was patient, and knowledgeable about the menu, and so nice. Both my sister and I opted for the lil c with red beans and rice and 2 pieces of chicken, we also had an appetizer of fried green beans, then for dessert I had banana pudding and my sis had peach cobbler. I'm telling you, this place does not disappoint. Come to Lolo's, I promise you, you'll be back again and again. I live in silverado ranch, believe me the drive is worth it!!
Today at 5:45PM I received a 'replacement' for the abysmal flowers delivered this past Tuesday. Ordinarily I'm quite understanding of the Murphy's Law effect in life, as an event planner with nearly two decades experience spanning four states with floral budgets from $100-$10K+, I've seen lots of beautiful and not-so-beautiful products. The latter can usually be rectified as any error in business should be:

- Take ownership of the issue 
- apologize sincerely 
- correct the issue 
- don't repeat the offense 

Well, none of the above was applied in any way, and I'm flabbergasted. The 'replacement' flowers contained no roses, half of the sunflowers and lilies (one of the three, very small sunflowers included is dying) and was just a lackluster attempt to appease my husband, IMO. The (same) delivery woman was kind, but offered no apology; the business never expressed apologies to myself or my husband, and the second flowers arrived more than 24 hours after they were promised. 

So, 1* it is: with ample opportunity given to make good, they dropped the ball. Twice. In one week.

* FYI: this was a $100 arrangement & I could literally buy a nicer assortment at a grocery store for $19.99. * 

** most of 5* reviews seem highly suspect "one and done" or gray head types **

*** Comparison of original vs replacement photos can be viewed in gallery or initial review ***

**** this florist fulfills 1-800-Flowers orders, I'd wager most recipients of poor products don't tell the sender ****
Dem Niveau von Degerloch angepasst in bezug auf die Preise, aber mit einem sehr schönen Sortiment. Es gibt neben fair gehandelten Lebensmitteln auch Taschen, Klamotten, Spielzeug etc. Der Laden ist sehr liebevoll aufgemacht, blitzsauber und die (ehrenamtlichen) Verkäufer sind äußerst freundlich und hilfsbereit. Unsere Favoriten sind dort der Cuba-Honig, diverse getrocknete Früchte, Tees und Orangenkekse.
This is an amazing place. Good service. Go in for an Happy Beer :-)
Oh yeah, did I mentioned they have the best carrot cake
Horrible!!! Disgusting!!! Not clean!!! We arrived expecting to have an amazing burger, however our visit took a different turn. This place is dirty!! Nothing was clean, soda lids were missing, no napkins in dispenser, ketchup was old and bubbly. I will complain directly to the company. Did not enjoy the meal
I'm always on the hunt for new places to get my xiao long bao fix. I've been here three times now and they may not have the best soup dumplings in town but the service and cleanliness makes all the difference compared to 1900 and china mama. Also, I've seen a lot of reviews in regards to the xiao long bao's and pan fried buns not having soup in them for various reasons but I have yet to have this problem. They always come out juicy and with plenty of broth inside and the pan fried buns have a nice crisp.
What can I say, simply the best Korean food since I moved to Arizona. Excellent!!!  The real deal.  If you like Korean food you will love this place.
My husband and I are visiting Vegas for a much needed vacay. We scheduled a couple's massage with Rochelle and Eric based on Trip Advisor and Yelp reviews. Words cannot even begin to describe how A M A Z I N G both of our experiences were!!!! Do not leave Vegas without receiving a massage from this pair! Seriously! We have seen many masseuses and this is by far is the best massage we've ever had! They did techniques never felt before.  They are extremely friendly and gracious. We did a 1 hour massage with hot stones! Wow! Wow! Wow! So disappointed we didn't do the longest appointment available. We will definitely return every time we visit Vegas! Thank you Rochelle and Eric!
I have been in the Valley for over 40 years and I have to say, this was the worst Chinese food that I have ever had. I ordered the Almond Chicken and not only was the serving size small, and the chicken small dark meat squares, but it was so salty that I could not eat it. I sent it back. I then ordered Chicken w snow peas. This, at least looked appetizing. But, looks were deceiving. It to was too salty.  Needles to say, I didn't eat it either. I took it home and promptly dumped it in the trash. I have no idea how this place could possibly rate 4 stars. Plus the atmosphere is horrible and the staff very unfriendly.  Give me Wok Express or Flo's anytime. I only gave it one star because the soup was OK, otherwise I wouldn't have given it any.
Deeeee-licious!!!!  It's always a treat to come here and they never disappoint.  Their southern fried chicken is such a treat.  Their BBQ is amazing.  And even their salads are worth mentioning.  We take guests here often - ok only special guests - but they always leave satisfied and wanting to come back on their next visit.  Great service and usually always get a stop-by visit by the manager - evidence they care about their service and food!
Twin l is a sad place for horses, I rode and boarded my horse there for over a year. My horse developed extremely bad stall habits including cribbing, weaving, tail chasing and kicking the stall door. The horses are only turned out once to twice a week in a small pen due to over crowding and they all lack food. Linda is rude and abrasive, yelling and demeaning children as well as encouraging gossiping and back biting that ruins the atmosphere of the already decrepit barn. Sadly due to her neglect several of her horses have died including numerous foals all succumbing to accidents, improper diet, or lack of veterinary care. This barn taught me a great deal about what can go wrong in a horse business, save yourself and your children the heart ache and go somewhere you can really appreciate horses.
You had me at queso... being a huge grilled cheese fan, this was a must for me. I've had several different delicious sammiches at this truck and of course will be back for me. The Pig Mac is stuffed with pulled pork and onions and bursting with flavor. The French Onion is by far my favorite but unfortunately haven't seen it in months... PAPI! Bring it back! 

But I always love the new flavors the truck is crafting and would love to eventually try them all. Look for creative fillings to tempt your taste buds (and stomach) like leeks, mushrooms, southwestern chicken and whatever else they have in that rolling kitchen. As a lover of all things cheesy, I feel this is a must. And their looooong lines at Food Truck Fridays tell you something good is always being toasty. You better brie-lieve it : )
Let's start this review at a 3-star (A-OK = not good\/not bad) rating.

+1 star: They have a Badger Bus for home-game weekends. It costs $5, and includes a coupon for a free drink when you get back from the game.

+1 star: The bowling alley looks nice. It's a small space, but clean-looking. I don't know prices. I'll give them the +1 for appearances.

-2 stars: The food is terrible. TERRIBLE. After the WIS v UTEP game, the wife ordered boneless Buffalo chicken wings. They came out deep fried and hard, with almost no flavor -- there was NO BUFFALO SAUCE ON THE WINGS! (We think the B-sauce might have been fried onto the chicken, but, if so, the flavor was lost in frying).

-1 star: The service was lacking. Following the game, with all 50+ people who had just come back on the Badger Bus, there were only 2 servers, and they were also the bartenders! Service was slow, haphazard, and careless -- the guy never once asked how the food was, nor did he ever actually stop at the table except long enough to take our order. Drinks were dropped on the fly, the food was all but thrown as he whizzed by ...

Overall, 2 stars. I'll go back for the Badger Bus and the bowling, but I will NEVER eat there again.
Ugh. I have totally mixed feelings on this place. Four stars because I got the sweetest most loving playful corgi, whom my bf and I named Cessna, lacking a star because the place itself is a saaaad place. I can't really blame the staff or the place itself, as they are under budget restrictions and such, I can just urge people to deal with the dmv like set up and depressing hallways because there are soo many loveable pups in there. I rescued by chance a house trained, trick knowing, quiet loving pup and I owe it all to mcacc for keepin him around. Oh and I adopted him during an event and he cost 14$ total!
I went last Thursday at seven and it still wasn't too busy. I was worried since I heard that Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays are packed in the evening because of the wings discounts. 

I ordered a Sprite and two pounds of wings. These are the best wings I have had in Toronto, bar none! Both the meat and the sauces are well worth the money. The flavour selection is modest but ranges out enough that it should please most patrons. I personally had their Dragon's Breath and Key West varieties. I would have to strongly recommend the Key West sauce. The hint of lime with the smoky barbecue sauce pairs very well.
Always friendly. Excellent food (sandwiches, soup, baked goods). Good options for seating - alone, couple or larger group. Two issues: 1.) Not enough seating sometimes  2.) Too many people lounge around (not eating or drinking) and use the free wifi.

I've always felt welcome and appreciated and have never been disappointed with the coffee or food. A prime chpoice for a coffee break and quick (good) food.
I've been here three times now just for them to correct the issue they created when I put my new brakes on. 
Not only had I wasted my time with them in going back but they were very resistant to correct what they have done 
Don't need to say anything else when you give them a one star. Will never go back.
There are restaurants and then there are Restaurants.  Nobhill is not just a restaurant.  It is a Restaurant -- with a capital R.  It is the kind of place you wish you could dine at on a regular basis not just because it would mean you have more money than you know is morally right for you, but because it is the type of sanctuary that can actually make you feel as though you are a better person.

Some people go to the spa to relax, others lay out by the pool, others still might want just to soak in the tub.  But for me, take me to Nobhill and all my problems will melt away.  Screw Calgon; NOBHILL, TAKE ME AWAY!

One of the reasons why I think Nobhill is a Restaurant, and not just restaurant, is because of the decor.  Simply put, the decor is both subtle and sophisticated.  Swathed in modern yet elegent taupes and browns, there is very little in the dining room to distract you from the delicious food and the flawless service.  With the exception of a few silver-toned accents and art pieces, the walls are remarkably bare.  Some restaurants try too hard wth their decor, and in doing so they become obnoxious as a result their extravagance.  Not Nobhill.  This Restaurant is so tastefully appointed that it is, in many ways, a very un-Vegas Vegas restaurant.  In this case, less was definitely more.

Dinner began with some wine instructions.  I brought with me a 2003 Les Forts de Latour (the second label of Chateau Latour) and asked them to decant it in advance of our meal, which they did, and without any hesitation or callous snobbery.

Likewise, our order was also taken without any kind of artificial attitude.  As a side note: I don't care what people thought of Steven from Top Chef Season 1, but the people at this Restaurant, which is where he works, are not slimeballs.  Unlike at some high-end restaurants, our server was neither pretentious nor obsequious.  He neither pushed us towards the expensive items on the menu, nor discouraged sharing.  He was, in fact, very welcoming and down to earth -- neither reserved nor a shill.

Someone has already mentioned the bread and butter, so I won't go into details here, but I thought it was very cool how they would bake the bread right there in dining room and then serve it on a heated slab of granite.  It would then remain warm by resting on the votive box in the middle of the table.

As is the case with all Michael Mina Restaurants, we were treated to an amuse bouche at the start of our dinner, which this time was a little sliver of foie gras topped with minced Asian pears.  It was both salty and sweet, creamy and crunchy.  What an incredible way to begin the meal!

For our first course, we shared the Dungeness Crab Louis, served on a bed of baby hearts of romaine and avocado.  The salad was light, yet creamy, and not at all what I was expecting.  I had always thought that Crab Louis was just crab and a kind of thousand island dressing.  But this dressing was not as sweet and had a nice little kick of spice, which paired very nicely with our glasses of Henriot champagne.

Our main courses were the Angus Beef, with Seared Foie Gras, Potato Cakes and a Pinot Reduction, and the Olive Oil Poached Lamb Loin, with Goat Cheese Puffs and a Garbanzo Bean and Spring Onion Medley.  Both were amazing, in both texture and taste.  The seemingly modest bean and onion medley was, in fact, so good that I could have eaten a whole bowl of it!  I may have left some of the lamb on my plate, but damn if wasn't going to eat up every last bit of my veggies!

For dessert, we shared a Tangerine Souffle, which was topped with a tangerine and vanilla sorbet.  Although they did not have anything that seemed to pair well with our dessert on the wine list, our server made the effort to find some German eiswein at the bar, which ended up being a match made in heaven!  Both were delicious on their own, but together ... ahh ... Nobhill, take me away!

As I mentioned at the outset, the service was flawless, but not in a swift-and-efficient-yet-robotic kind of way.  Our server was actually very engaging and friendly and made me feel like I deserved to be there.  It turns out that he grew up in Orange County, so throughout our meal, we chatted with him about OC living, talked about the wine (we gave him a glass), and before we left he gave me the names of some people at Studio at the Montage, Mozambique, and Maestro's Ocean Club.  He said that if I mentioned his name, they would do something special for us.

So as I rolled out of Nobhill and into the vacuous din of the MGM casino, I could not help but feel like I was going to miss this place.  Even though I was stuffed to the gills, I almost did not want to leave.  Why?  Because it is a Restaurant.
If you like hot dogs, the corn dog here is an absolute must!!  It is so freaking good!!  I haven't had a chance to try anything else, but am looking forward to exploring the rest of the menu. 

The lost star is strictly because the tater tots packaged in a separate styrofoam container ended up extremely soggy by the time we got them home, around the corner. Hopefully just a fluke!
Originally, when my husband and I looked at this menu, with the great selections available, we intended to stay awhile.  After the crummy service, the bar extremely backed up, we ended up bailing after one drink.  We hoped to have a second drink with our meal, but couldn't get our server, and after she put in an order for a wine and an ale, it took so long we finished our meal and canceled the order.  Too bad for them.
We had one of the nicest dinners of all times here.  The menu is not extensive but it doesn't need to be as the food is fabulous.  The spinner salad to start was really great.  The prime rib and rib steak were great.  The servers were attentive.  The environment is very old school but it was fun.  Highly recommend.
As much as we love Olive Garden and have never had a bad experience dining here, last night was the bomb.  Our server was very good at the beginning but when it came time to check out she totally screwed my bill up not once but three times so I got charged three times the cost of my meal.  Getting overcharged at the bank cost me another $200 because of this screw up so my total bill for a $30 meal came out to be $295 and some change.  One thing I know is I am never going back to the same girl waitress again.
I came to this place mid October to repair my unlocked Galaxy S6 edge from overseas with a dead charging port. The shop took the effort to source different vendors to find a charging port to match my model and I had my phone back within 24 hours.

I'm super happy with the repair, and the price seemed reasonable for the quality of service and the turnaround time for a phone brought in on a weekend.

If anything happens to my phone again, I'd hit up these guys again.
Stayed here for a night in December 2016. 

Pros: 
-location right in the middle of downtown Cleveland with easy walking distance to just about anything
-beautiful and majestic hotel with great historic features
-our room was huge - one of the largest hotel rooms I've ever seen
-staff was very kind and ready to help!

Cons: 
-parking for $25-$30 overnight is ridiculous especially considering there is an indoor parking garage nearby for just $8\/night
-there is a musty smell in the hallways\/rooms 
-the ground and furniture were all old and worn out
-bathroom was tiny and outdated; shower was old

Overall, a nice stay with nothing too horrible to complain about but would have expected more out of a 4 star hotel.
If you're looking for something other than Cirque Du Soleil, Human Nature is a great choice.

These four men from Australia do a fantastic job of preserving the Do-Wop style of singing and not only do they sing the classics, but they throw in a salute to famous boy bands and a few current hits too.

Overall, a great show with feel good vibes throughout the entire show...definitely worth checking out whether you are a local, or even visiting from out of town.
I've heard Nadege was just hype and over priced mostly by non-yelpers so I kind of stayed away. Went to iHalo across the street and thought if I'm there why not try them out. Got the HB and Jam and Lemon tart, also 2 macaroons.

The lemon tart was OK I guess, nothing too refined, it was way too close to say a Loblaw's offering than it should have been. The HB and Jam tart was awful -  such a pretentious item. They put so much work into making it look nice, doing little layers of this and that, and it just tasted like a gas station treat. I was disappointed. The macaroons were OK, but they had their issues. Most of the macaroons did not have consistent size, one flavor in the display case was all deformed and I don't care about shape but for macaroons when you charge that much for just one the expectation is perfection. Kind of the whole point of a macaroon. I had a pistachio macaroon which was normal size and a cotton candy one where it looked to be 1\/3rd less too. Been to a lot of these artisan French dessert joints around the world and the one thing you pay for is perfection in presentation, someone put a lot of work into making everything just right so there is a price associated with that. @ Nadege, at least when I went,  it seemed like a first week pastry student made everything which I'm ok with but not at theese prices. Prices which are MUCH higher than others' in the GTA who simply make better French pastry.

Go to Roselle on King St IMO, avoid Nadege it's a cash grab. Even if you're right in the area for whatever reason the convenience isn't even worth a visit.

Also this is one of those places where if you order with CC\/Debit, it prompts you for a tip and you have to enter 0 $ or 0 % before you can pay.. another cash grab after overpaying for sub-par items. I really detest when establishments do this, a tip for putting an item on my plate and giving it to me? You charge a ridiculous amount of money for your items but can't pay staff well enough so you have to hit up everyone for a tip when ordering? Nah nah nah, get out of here lol.
Great service, food was amazing! Coming from San Diego we were delighted to see a familiar spot located in the heart of Vegas. It did not disappoint.
You guys- the truffles! I wanted to try something different for a coffee shop and I am so glad I did. My soy Vanilla Latte was delightful! I will definitely be back and purchasing some of these sweets for my next social gathering!
Standard Caribbean food to be found here - but the portions are huge. The roti is loaded. I haven't had this great value in a while.
My absolute addiction! Everyone's always happy, the food makes you happy, and the overall spot is just the best.
The drink I ordered was good. A cherry vanilla peach snow with strawberry bursting boba. My boyfriend on the other hand did not get so lucky in liking his drink. He ordered a cookie dough snow with chocolate bursting boba. 

We kindly asked the teenaged girls working to remake us a new drink since it was AWFUL, didn't taste like cookie dough but straight sugar-milk and the bursting boba tasted like vile oil\/gasoline mixed. They told us they don't remake drinks if people don't like them. The best they could do was change the drink we ordered but not remake it. They ended up literally scraping the boba out of my boyfriends drink and reusing the same nasty cookie dough snow in a new cup with mango boba. It was still disgusting, he ended up throwing away a $7 drink because they refused to make us something different. 

The girls were very rude, snobby, and on their phones. Probably won't come back to this location because of their terrible customer service.
This has to be the slowest baggage delivery of any airport in the US.  Someone needs to address this problem!  The wait is way too long for bags!!
This location has gotten filty !

However, they still have all the .99 cent items that you crave for and even have milk, bread and eggs.

I prefer the location on 43rd Ave & Bell Road.  Much cleaner.
It's truly a shame...on food...they get a good 4 1\/2 stars...on service a 1\/2 star. EVERY time I go, I SWEAR I'll never come back. ALWAYS horrible service..food takes FOREVER to get there. We left today before even ordering...there was so much commotion even trying to get a seat we just cut our losses and took our appetites elsewhere. (Went gambling elsewhere too...so I HOPE the casino manager sees this!)

Again, NOT the first time...this is S.O.P. for the Coffee shop at Jerry's
I love food... and I love to cook and as such, I require close access to both types of purveyors, the cooked and the raw kind. 

So there is no denying it, moving where I live now was not ONLY influenced by being near a centrally located TTC station but... Adding to that, the selection of a nearby Metro, TWO No Frills, easy access to not one but TWO Chinese markets and now, a HUGE Loblaws? That was just too much to resist! 

Having said that, even though the Loblaws is arguably my closest groceries provider, I can't say that it is my favourite. Sure, having an LCBO on the premises is quite the tease and one that I will be going back to whenever I am running low on delicious fermented grape. 

But for the time being, let us talk about the positives, for one, this Loblaws is HUGE! Easily the largest and most attractive supermarket in the downtown core hands down. Although again, we are talking supermarkets here, so do not expect either gastronomic or aesthetic opulence. 

The Loblaws is very spacious and you can tell management is striving for this locale to be more than just a grocery store carrying just the usual suspects. For example, they have their "famous" 18 foot Wall Of Cheese with over 400 choices, a Sushi and Tea(?!) bar, a Patisserie, a seafood and prepared food self-serve area, along with a cafe, a bakery, an organic\/health section, a pharmacy, cooking classes(!?), free demos PLUS, live music on weekends? Well, they are definitely on the right track, however, the one problem of trying to cater to everyone is that you never end up being exceptional at anything. 

For example, the Jazz band placement is awkward and a bit of an afterthought as they are located near one the exits simple because they have no extra room to put them at. You get the vibe the "mighty" cheese wall is mostly for show --as some cheeses cannot be easily reached or even looked at, without staff intervention-- and the sushi, salad, and seafood bars have very limited selections, not to mention ridiculously expensive for what you get. Both in terms of amount and quality.    

So at the end of the day, "selection" is one thing, convenience is another but lastly, if your prices are not competitive, you will loose business. 

So long story short? They are a glorified yet convenient grocery store with grander dreams of a delicatessen. But for serious food shopping, I will still go to Kensington Market, or China Town for my veggies where I can get say, 8-10 limes for a $1, instead of the 3, at Loblaws.
I am in love with this place! I am in no way a vegan, vegetarian, or organic food person, I am just in love with the taste of their bowls. I've had some really good acai bowls in Hawaii & California, but this place is by far my favorite place to get one. When I'm home, I'm usually here once a week and I think they all know my order before I say it. It's worth a try, especially if you've never tried an acai bowl before.
Valet parked at Linq just to grab some cupcakes to go.....  Sprinkles red velvet still remains my absolutely favorite cupcake.  Disappointed they didn't have lemon the day we went so picked marshmallow and cinnamon sugar.  Those two were ok.  RED VELVET ALL THE WAY!!!
I went here years ago as a kid and LOVED it. It's hardly changed at all, so I have heard. Still the corny acting, still the hands one eating experience, but ever still an awesome time. Out of all the shows you can take kids, I would say this should be at the top of your list. Adults can love it too, since you have to eat with your hands, and who the hell doesn't want to revert back to that?? You get a whole chicken to yourself! Anywho, I want to see this again before I get too old and jaded to like it, or before the place is imploded.
Pork buns are incredible! 
Graze burger is totally worth the wait!
Summer sangria is amazing!
Strawberry rubarb lemonade awesome!
This is sorta a hood diner...Like Guy Fieri walking around with a glock triple D place.

Food is solid. Help is great. But if you traipsing into here drunk off your AZZ at 7pm,,,,,you might be in for a surprise or two.

I liked it and the food is solid but I was there at 11am.
Very nice restaurant.  Decor and ambiance was great!!! The restaurant had a good selection for vegetarians.  The chef was accommodating.  Our server was very friendly and attentive. Will go back!!!!
Pretty good gelato shop with many flavors. They have a variety of classic flavors, like chocolate, pistachio, and cookies and cream, while they have seasonal flavors, such as cinnamon apple pie and pumpkin spice during the fall. If you are looking more for a fruit gelato, they have that too, from flavors like mango, raspberry and even pineapple. Diabetic or watching your sugar and wondering if they can accommodate? They have 2 flavors that do not have added sugar.

If gelato isn't your thing, don't fret. They also sell coffee and espressos. If you want a bit of both, they have specialty gelato shakes, with or without espresso. You have the option of a small to large, and have the chance to do a split scoop with the medium and large flavors. Feel free to sample different flavors if you can't decide. Additionally, they have some pre-packaged containers that you take home with you.

It is not a good place for large groups because there are few tables and seats. There is seating indoors and outdoors if you're lucky and want to chat for awhile.
Roasted marshmallow ice cream = THE BOMB.COM

Don't like the area so one less star. Wish they opened in yorkville
Great ambiance and food is very good, filled with a variety of flavor. They also have a great drink menu to choose from with lots of wines. The short ribs with the cherry sauce is to die for, brat steak sauce I've ever had. The meat is tender and perfectly cooked. Mac and cheese is amazing and their salads are a absolutely fantastic. Will be going here again very soon. Only thing I don't like is the tables are very close so it makes privacy impossible, I felt like we were eating with the people next to us!
Over all it's a big and wonderful place. Lot of food variety and big area to cover all items. Couldn't give 4 star as it didn't meet expectations as the 1st impression I got at entrance. Food was not of that quality as per my expectations.
Gave it another go.....worse than before. Need a list  from BlogTO for worst service....this place would win hands down...

You want an English Pub? walk across the street to The Dog and Bear....way better service, better food and way less attitude....not busy at all on a Friday so my bet is it will be gone by spring, just like Samuel J Moore...
Strike 2.....
I have been here a few times now and overall I find that they're food is pretty good. Certain items on the menu do seem pricey for the portions that they give you. 

Additionally, it would be nice if the sizzling hot plates were actually hot and sizzling instead of just warm. It was quite disappointing when I was presented with a non-sizzling plate of rice. 

But overall, I like their interior design, there was an adequate amount of service, and they have a large menu. 

P.S. - you get 10% off for paying in cash! :)
The outside and the inside is clean and looks like a Caribbean cafe but the food doesn't taste like it.
Best burger place in town! Friendly staff and fantastic food. Big fan of the maple bacon milkshake!
Walked here after a concert downtown and the hostess politely steered us toward a take-out pizza, as it was a few minutes after closing. We declined, having just walked nearly a mile to get there; we really wanted to sit down somewhere. 

As we left, the owner came running out and insisted that we come back in and offered to seat us. That is an owner who cares about his business. 

Beyond this professional gesture, the pizza (we had the amatriciana) was really, really excellent! We sat at the bar and were never made to feel rushed, despite our after-hours imposition. This meal really hit the spot.

Now I know I've got a go-to Italian place the next time I'm in Phoenix.
After reading the many reviews for this place, I decided to give it a try. Anxious for the prospect of finally finding a decent cheesesteak in Cleveland, my son and I were the first ones in when they opened up.  We were greeted kindly as we sat down and promptly waited on. 

I ordered the "Cleveland" cheesesteak with horseradish slaw and my son got the "Big Easy" Cajun cheesesteak with potato salad. While waiting for our order, the lady behind the counter chatted with us and was very friendly.  Our order arrived hot and fresh in no time.

Both sandwiches were piled high with beef and all the fixins. The bread was fresher than anything I've EVER had in any restaurant.,  The sandwiches were nothing short of amazing! The beef was so tender and flavorful. The cheese sauce was very good, as were the portobella mushrooms and caramelized onions. The coleslaw was crisp, not swimming in dressing...just like I like it. The potato salad was fresh and delicious also.

I'm so glad we stopped in and will be back often!! I have been disappointed by every other cheesesteak in Cleveland, but have finally found a winner! Thanks for a perfect lunch.
My wife and I went there last Friday night. For being a steak house I would have figured it to be above average, but the steak and enchiladas that I ordered had no flavor as if they didn't take the time to put any seasoning on it. The enchiladas that came with it were so hard that I had to use a steak knife to cut into it and even that took some strength to do. Being from Colorado and just visiting Phoenix I don't know if this is the way they serve their steaks, but here we take pride in our steaks and I wished that I experienced the same.
The doctor was really nice. But unfortunately, like most medical offices, the desk staff are unpleasant and rude. I don't know why that is. 
The wait is usually long at eye doctors. Be prepared 2-3 hours. That's just the nature of this business I suppose. They might want to add a television so patients can pass the time with some entertainment or even some music. Add a little drink station and that would be a big hit. 
The building was real nice but the lack of air conditioning made the 2 hour wait really uncomfortable. 
I found parking easy. I think they have a lot in the back. Sewickley is a really nice town to walk around despite the heavy traffic.
Tyler brad and Vanessa are the dream team here! Don't let the reviews tell u else wise when they are in shift. To the point and helpful staff. Sucks a bunch of drunk Scottsdale people have to say something else. Very sweet and great service :)
I love this place. It's allowed me to clothe my kids, furnish many rooms and get my crafting on.
Love this restaurant.  We live in Phoenix but occasionally visit Las Vegas. We found the restaurant on yelp and we loved it so much the first time that the next visit here we brought our very good friends (locals) to enjoy the experience with  us!  Service is outstanding & friendly.  The food is to die for!  We will be back again!! Top Notch!!!
We had Blue Plate cater our wedding rehearsal dinner, a picnic in Vilas Park.  We thought we were going to do it ourselves but realized less than a week ahead of time that we were overwhelmed with other stuff to do and needed help.  We called Blue Plate-stressed--and talked to David who clearly and calmly laid out the options for us. It turned out that they would be able to come and grill burgers and portabella mushrooms for not that much more than what we were already planning to spend on food and a grill rental. This included corn, potatoes and grilled asparagus as sides and he threw in an extra condiment and lemonade. The catering was flawless - they had two guys there who kept everything stocked throughout the night (we ran out of portabella mushrooms but should have known to order more).  The food was great: pretty simple, but fresh and delicious. My wife liked the fact that they source a lot of their stuff from local places. It was totally successful. We ended up being able to spend our time with guests, who could eat good Wisconsin food. They also wrapped up leftovers for us to take and cleaned everything up.  Highly, highly, recommended.
I saw this restaurant on my favorite Food Network show, Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives (Hosted by Guy Fieri). You know, "Tripple D".  I was in Charlotte for the weekend so I thought why not try out a restaurant from that show. 

I came there on a Sunday morning. The line was out the door like any busy, famous, and neighborhood-friendly restaurant for brunch. (TIP: Always go where the locals go.) We waited for 15 minutes and were seated quickly.  The waitress and staff were sweet...like how they should be in the south. We ordered jalapeno bombers for appetizers. It was good...like Church's Chicken good! I had the greek sampler... moussaka (greek lasagna), Spanakopita (spinach pie) and graped leaves stuffed with rice and feta cheese. Oh, I had a side of green beans and corn but too full to touch it. My favorite was the moussaka because I'm not a big fan of feta cheese that was in the spanakopita and grape leaves. It was good and I finished it. I ate what was suggested on Tripple D so I left there happy and full.  Oh, don't forget to check out the desserts in the glass window by the door.
Chicken and beef were okay. Also ordered pad Thai; should have known better than to order a Thai dish at a Hakka restaurant! If you want legit Hakka food... Frederick's (down the street) is a much much better option.
I am not sure why this place has so many great reviews!! I was a member for three months and had such a bad experience, I skipped the last month.The staff makes you feel as though you are interupting thier life when you show up to tan or use the erquipment. Although the place was clean, there was always something broken you couldnt use. The mystic tan cost 11 dollars each time you use it despite being a member! They did have a coffee maker which was cute. The staff didnt even put the refills in the mystic, you have to do it yourself! Twice when I was tanning, the bed turned on before I was even in the bed. The aqua massage was always being used whenever I showed  up and the teeth whitening sysyem cost 60 dollars to use. I wouldnt go back if my tan depended on it. I now go to Bodyheat, better service and friendlier help. The mexican food next door rocked.
Good neighborhood type Italian place with a limited pasta menu.  The wood fired pizzas are the main event and well executed with perfect crusts and quality ingredients.  Meatball appetizer is good, but a bit lackluster.  The house hade pasta is quality.  Cocktails were poured generously and service was pretty good.  This place seems like it probably gets loud on weekends as it was borderline noisy on a Sunday night with football on at the bar and alcohol induced spirited conversations.  Tiramisu and espresso were perfect.  Ciao
Just amazing people that work here.makes you feel like your at home..They always have my favorite Cigars.
Rainy Sunday, the SO and I are bored and restless, and are looking for some adventure. With tired feet from a busy week of work, and a "No Reservations: China" episode on the brain, we decide to do what any fun-loving urban couple would do in this scenario -- visit Chinatown and try to find a super cheap  reflexology massage and then feast on some Asian Legend. 

This entire strip on Dundas has "massage" parlours on either side. Some are upstairs, some subterranean, all with bored looking Asian women staring out into the street. Most have a sandwich board out front with prices, reflexology points, and images of happy-looking-blond-haired-white-couples having massages. 

if you look inside any of them, or in the general direction, the girls will come outside and try to coax you in. 

Now, having both traveled through Asia, we have legitimate reasons for questioning their, well, Legitimacy. So when we found the one that looked least suspicious to us, we ventured in. 

We were ushered into a room with three leather easy chairs and two Chinese women. they promptly fetched us hot soak tubs and we started to relax. They whispered in Mandarin and giggled quite a bit, but were very good at their jobs. The one spoke reasonable English, the other very minimal. Near the end, they decided to ask us if we were a couple, and if my SO, is indeed, as he looks, Chinese. It was lighthearted and funny. They acted like they did not quite "get" the whole interracial thing.

That OR "Cindy" had a crush on my SO, which was further evidenced as she wrote her name on a card and presented it to him.

They really pushed the full hour reflexology, full hour massage which was really inexpensive, but we went for the $25\/hr reflexology only. No HST if you pay cash.  Service was good, they were tough.
Review is for brunch.  The restaurant was pretty full at 11am Saturday, but they had open seating around a large bar.  Bartenders were great and I swear one of them looked like tennis legend John McEnroe!  

We ordered four dishes to share:

Escargot in Puff Pastry: These were incredibly good - just four bite-sized pieces unfortunately.  You would never know you're eating snails, so definitely newbie friendly.

Smoked Salmon: This dish was an assemble-yourself project. Lots of slices of smoked salmon, a small loaf of bread, pre-sliced, avocado, and cream cheese. You basically make your own sandwich.  Pretty good - salmon was fresh, not "fishy."  

Hunters Waffle: This savory dish has two perfectly poached eggs and some really good shredded duck confit - almost a play on a conventional Benedict.  

Seasonal Fruit Platter: A surprisingly good appetizer that could double as a healthy  dessert.  Buckwheat sugar-coated beignets, a cake-like side of yogurt parfait with nuts and a sweet crust, and an assortment of fresh fruit including grapes, pineapples, figs, strawberry, and passionfruit!  I liked the yogurt parfait the best - better than cheesecake!

Would definitely recommend this place for an early brunch or lunch!
I can't argue with $1 happy hour drafts.  That's good stuff.

But I wouldn't go here again with any expectation that I'll eat.

The first time there I had fish tacos and hush puppies.  I was so excited to see fish tacos on a Cleveland menu.  They're still a rare treat.  Alas, these were not decent fish tacos.  They were just completely bland.  Don't do it.  I vaguely remember the hush puppies being ok.

But when I was just back recently to drink, and I ordered hush puppies to soak up the beer, I was crushed.  The pups were just dry, bland balls.  It really shouldn't be that hard to deep fry some flavored bread.  And considering how horrible hush puppies are for your health, it's just not worth eating bad ones.

So go for the happy hour beer, in a small cozy setting.  But don't bother eating unless you prefer your food bland.  The decor is a bit cheesy and overdone, but forgiveable.  There are tvs above the bar, should you be in there on a night the Cavs are playing.
Relax and enjoy, don't be scared it's very safe. Don't bring any drinks it might spill because the pod sways a bit. It can be quite long. I don't recommend it to very young kids who might panic inside.
Love the food here, unique and flavorful. Many items to choose from. Great and friendly staff
I stopped into Zandru's on the night of my 21st birthday for drinks and loved it! The staff was very sweet and welcoming, and the girl bartender was fantastic and gave me a wonderful birthday special and whipped up amazing sangrias and margaritas! She even ran out the door to catch me to wish me a happy birthday! It has a fun and unique atmosphere and is very up and coming. I'm excited to see what they will grow into!
Full disclosure, I've never tried any burrito chains so I don't really have anything to compare it to other than Taco Bell and Mexican restaurants. Since it's a chain and pretty cheap, I wasn't expecting a lot but I was still disappointed. My bf and I came here after the Yelp event for the premiere of Snowden. We wanted something fast and filling and if Stoney's wasn't already closed, I definitely wouldn't be writing about my subpar experience now. First off, the parking lot is weird because it's a very narrow space you have to get in to park in front so we parked at K+B Sushi next to it since we were getting take out anyways and they had spots. The girl who built the burrito didn't wear gloves and I thought maybe it was because the tortilla was already on a metal plate thing but then the guy who was grilling the burrito also didn't wear gloves and turned\/wrapped all the burritos with his bare hands...I still ate it but definitely raised an eyebrow.

On to the food. I got the "lil" baked chicken burrito with a bunch of toppings - I like how you don't have to pay extra for guacamole but they put so little in there, it might as well have been nonexistent. My bf got the ground beef burrito in medium size. I wasn't impressed with the flavour as it was quite bland and I didn't actually hit chicken until about halfway into the burrito. It was all toppings for a while and I didn't end up eating about a third of it, mostly because I just didn't want to eat it anymore. My bf's burrito had all the jalapenos grouped together and unfortunately, one of his mouthfuls was pure jalapenos (they don't take the seeds out either) so he ran to the fridge for milk and proceeded to sweat for about 15 mins. All in all, it's edible and a good deal for the amount of food you get but I don't think I'll be going back, at least to this location.
I LOVE sushi, and am a raw fish enthusiast. The fish itself here is decent -- better than average for the area, but the service is super super slow and variable in quality. I'd guess my average wait time when I've come in the past is about 45 minutes for take out, even when I've called in advance and am told to come in 15; range is 15-70 minutes. I live really close, but prefer not to come here when I can help it, even if I have a craving for sushi.
This place has a very large selection of food to choose from. It was very tasty and flavorful, especially the Pot stickers and walnut shrimp. I went for lunch with my two sons and it cost us $30, so the price wasn't bad at all.I'm planning on going back again another day for dinner because that's when they put the crab legs out. Only thing that annoyed me was the waitresses coming by every five minutes asking if everything was alright. I don't mind them checking on us but it was a bit too much, I like to be able to eat in peace, other than that this place was nice.....
Took in one pair of pants to have a small hole in the groin area fixed. They took an extra two days then stated, was way over priced, and the pants look awful. Actually had to take them some where else in order to get them to being wearable again, will never go back.
You get what you pay for. They don't offer soap or shampoo. They're very rude, and don't even try checking in before three. They beds are a little hard. The floors are hard wood which is fine. Remember to lock your doors because if you don't and some customer is drunk or retarded they will try to come in. Yes, this place is inexpensive but save your sanity and go someplace else. Down the street is a convenience store, don't go there they nickel and dime you as well. No prices in the store so be careful. Welcome to Vegas!
Warning don't buy gas here unless you want to get ripped off - stopped and got $20 gas here, paid at the pump with a debit card, the next day I had two $150 charges on my card, also many of there pumps are always out of order and they frequently can't process Fry's fuel points
After waiting to be seated for about 10 minutes, we were told that the entire dining section was reserved, and it would be a 30 minute wait to be seated in the bar section because, (surprise) it was full.
A suggestion, put a sign on the door to let your potential customers know that half the place is not available today, so we don't stand around waiting to be seated while we watch the wait staff scurrying around waiting on others while we wait to be given the news of the unavailability of your restaurant today.
Thanks
After writing my first review the customer service management sent a voucher to retry the food. We went for dinner this time. The pizza was actually really good. I think better then pizza bianca.

The service still sucked. When we walked in the girls were all talking. After a few minutes I had to interrupt and ask if we just sit anywhere.

The seats and table were dirty.
Great local neighborhood bar! Friendly bar tenders (Mike sees my friend and I come in and has our drinks poured before we ask). The food is on point for bar food, I recommend the wings and fries (yum!). The sampler platter is a hit as well. Pool tables and golden tee round out the bar experience. I would definitely recommend if you are in area to stop by!
Esther at One Nevada was amazing. she is caring and kind. loved woring with her
mmmm. corned beef. 

i work in a place where lunch is provided by blood money, err....i mean pharmaceutical reps, on a very regular basis. corky and lenny's is brought in pretty often.

it's not my favorite but it's decent for what it is. the sandwiches are huge with more meat than anyone really needs. 

they have really good pickles that are made on-site (supposedly). they're strange in that they do not have much of a briney flavor. i love dill pickles and i'm surprised that i actually like these. they're almost bland. but still, they're just... good. hard to explain i guess. 

their side dishes are just like most deli sides. nothing special and most of them creep me out.
awesome and authentic- You want to try this!  We went without reservations and it was worth the wait-- looks like the out-of-towners of found this place and are turning it into a Mecca for Thai
First time visiting this location tonight and it was superb. The young girl working the cash register was very pleasant. I ordered the Club on a Sub and it was delicious. Yes, it is a little pricey but, I feel the quality of food and service is worth it. I will return.
Terrible, shady place. First, the hours were different between the door and online, so we thought they were closed. But the door was open, we were starving, and they were more than willing to seat us. We were given two menus (which claimed yet different hours) and we quickly ordered various Vietnamese dishes. They couldn't substitute egg noodles in their Pho for some reason, which is fine, so we asked about their shrimp, meat, and squid dish. They had no squid, and our server said something about fake meat, but we sort of waved it off in anticipation for the food.

They came out with my Bbq pork dish first. It looked normal, but the egg rolls looked a little bizarre. I tried them and I can't really explain the taste. My friend described it as cheesy. It was pretty bad. So after removing that, I noticed that most of the Bbq pork was charred beyond recognition.

It was only at this point, at least ten minutes later, that my friend got her dish, which was a bit disappointing given that we were one of two parties in the place. The dish indeed had no squid, but it did have slimy "meat". It also had two pieces of shrimp. Two tiny pieces. That was embarrassing.

We ended our meal with a large pile of discarded egg rolls, "meat", and fairly bland noodles. I would not recommend coming here.
Met a few friends here for some drinks. Food was amazing and friendly service. Love the different selections of bruschetta. The boards allow everyone to taste different options and are a great deal. Good place to go, I will be back.
Very nice and awesome pastries. The kids got macaroons for the first time and adored them. I couldn't afford anything for me and the owner surprised me with a cheese Danish. Delicious! Kind l people and tasty treats!
I had purchased a coupon from groupon for a dinner for 2, (appetizer, 2 entrees and a pitcher of sangria for $50). So during the week of our anniversary we decided to try it out.  We decided on Tuesday, it was a slow night so the place only had a hand full of patrons which was fine with us.   We had choice of seating and picked a table near the window.  Our waiter came over right away and we advised him of our groupon deal.  He explained how the deal worked which turned out much better than we thought as we had a choice of any entree on the menu regardless of price.

We ordered water and our sangria of course. He suggested the salpicon de mariscos as our appetizer which was delicious.  I ordered the zarzuela de mariscos and my husband ordered one of their shrimp dishes.   Their dinner rolls are fantastic and served with a very tasty house sauce.   Our food arrived promptly and needless to say that it was delicious.   The portions are very large and contained plenty of seafood.   

Wish I could have tried their desserts but was too full.   Next time we may order one to go!  Overall, we had a great experience, our waiter was fantastic, knowledgable, helpful and very nice.  We will absolutely be back!
I had a great time from the minute I walked in the door the live music was outstanding and there were salsa dancers how cool.  I feltlike I was transported by the food. Duck tacos with a spicey tomato sauce. I loved my entrée carnitas and served with warm handmade tortillas what a treat. My wife loved the sangria margaritas as did I. Our server mentioned that all the ingredients were fresh and boy could you tell by the flavor.  We can't wait to go back.
We actually came here Sunday afternoon to zip line down Fremont street but disappointingly they were under construction. I think it's worthing checking out once if you are in Vegas but besides the antique casinos still running, nothing stood out. Evenings may be another story with the light show and free concerts but don't know since I didn't stay long.
This company was able to complete my home mortgage in less than 16 days with little effort needed from myself.  Dennis and Adam got straight to business on my mortgage options and what they could do for me.  I was in a serious crunch for time, but  I couldn't have asked for a more efficient and effortless experience.  I was kept informed on the entire process and was given updates daily.  I would recommend them to anyone looking to buy a house!
Tried this for the first time this past weekend, reminded my wife and me of upstate NY diners.  We ate there around noon, so two of us had lunch, one breakfast.  The waiter was super nice, told us we could order anything on the menu anytime.  The food was excellent, real mom and pop feel.  My wife's burger had a nice sear on it, Swiss and fresh mushrooms.  I had an excellent club sandwich made with hand carved turkey, good fries.  My daughter had chocolate chip pancakes (good parenting in action), and a side of bacon, of course.  Clean plate club for all three of us.  We'll be back.
The Bellagio is the best hotel on the Vegas strip, hands down. If you haven't been, you should go. The water show is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen (Catch it on a night without wind. Wind puts a damper on the show and can sometimes cancel it.) The botanical gardens and the glass flower ceiling at the entryway are amazing too. 

We had a small mishap during one of our stays. The Bellagio staff completely made it up for it, though. We experienced great customer service, and Heidi Cribbs in Guest Relations was fantastic. Her service, professionalism, and friendly demeanor were all A++++.
Granted it has been awhile since  we have been to half moon. Since we have been there they have done some changes and not for the better.  My husband and I ordered grilled wings, personal pizza and a side salad. The salad was the best out of all three.  The wings weren't grilled and the pizza had an off flavor and taste. The crust had some sort of weird seasoning. It was so bad, we didn't even finish the whole "small" pizza. To top it off the margarita I order, while huge, lacked alcohol. Being we went there on a Saturday during prime NCAA football season it sure was quiet. Sadly a place we use to enjoy is no longer on our list to attend!
The girls here are friendly for the fact that seem overworked since the salon seems to be understaffed. That said, service has been consistent over multiple visits. They do a decent job of eyebrow threading, but I wouldn't go there for anything else.

The reason they didn't earn five stars:
1. Patchy waxing jobs over multiple visits
2. No dusting off after eyebrow threading

Overall, it's not bad if you're in the neighbourhood.
I've been wanting to go to Mon Ami Gabi for a long time now, especially since my last visit to Vegas was a stay at Paris. I know all my friends always stop here, so I just HAD to check it out.

Anyway, we came here for breakfast on a Friday morning around 10:30. The patio looked full when we got there, however, we got seated right away! It was low 60s, maybe mid 60s, but the heated patio made it an absolutely amazing experience! Our table was directly across the Bellagio fountains, so not only were we enjoying the delicious food and great weather, but we also had a fantastic view! At that moment, life could not get any better ;-)

I ordered a mimosa and the smoked salmon eggs Benedict. I don't know if it was the mimosa, or just my mood, but it was THE BEST Benedict I have ever eaten ANYWHERE! mmm... My boyfriend had the ham & cheese crepes which he also said were amazing. Our server was very attentive and was super pleasant, so no complaints there! The prices were absolutely reasonable considering the fact that it is Vegas after all.

I know there is a M A G in Chicago which I will def check out soon, but nothing beats this Mon Ami Gabi's location on the strip... I will be back here next time and try their dinner menu. I want to give it 5 stars, but I will just have to wait and write an update :)
Ordered through Foodora. Fish and chips.  Chips were cold, Coleslaw was warm.  All three were just thrown together in the same box.  And the fish batter contained enough grease to lubricate the engines on the QEII.
Food was great unfortinatly the service was the absolute worse i have had in vegas.  And for the price of everything i would expect top notch service.  A real disappointment we literally watched every table in the place that came in after us get all their food and all we ordered was a share platter and naan!  We wont be back unless we have 3 hrs to spare in which case we will do a french resturant.
We love this place!!!!! Always an amazing job and the sweetest lady around! She has altered my husbands wedding suit, other formal wear and my own formal dress. Always love going back to vans!
very good food. Friendly staff. The chips and guacamole were good as were each of our mains. 
They also had an assortment of Mexican soft drinks which were tasty
Followed the advice of Guy Fierri and stopped in to try before the Cleveland Indians took care of business at Chase Field. I had the shrimp tacos, hubby had fish tacos and kids had Carne quesadillas. Everything was fresh and yummy. Everyone is full and happy! Thank you for everything! Drove 5 hours from Vegas, we'll definitely be back!
Takes advantage of senior citizens and his ad is deceptive! He also adds price hikes to his parts if he thinks you live in a Nice neighborhood. VERY DECEPTIVE! A close neighbor was nice enough to share this information with us via the Next Door Neighbor Network...
This hotel came to our rescue! We had made reservations at a La Quinta in, thinking it would be decent, but after being scared out of our wits by the needles and disgusting rooms, we needed a new hotel and fast! No one was available at all, we went to five different hotels and were about to give up, and then the comfort in said they had two rooms left. We needed two regular rooms, and they told us they had one regular, and one suite, but that they would give us the suite for the price of a regular king! The suite was phenomenal and was fantastic. They turned our stay right around! And the breakfast, while small, stayed open for us, even though we were way late. They said it was totally okay, even though they were trying to close. Will definitely visit again!
My experience at Taco Bell tonight was absolutely horrible. The man working at the drive-thru made me stop my car just before the sensors,&made me sit there for a good 10minutes. He decided to take multiple orders from others in the drive-thru before me, as I saw him from the window. However, my main complaint was about the mexican pizza that I received. The first bite I took, I spit out right away. The meat tasted like cardboard and looked very old. It seemed the mexican pizza was made 3 days ago, heated up, and served to me. Im very unhappy with the service as well as the food tonight. I would like to request my money back.
The exterior is deceiving because the interior looks so new and clean!!!! Vegan friendly!

Remember to check in on YELP so you can get a free coffee!

Their jalapeno cornbread is SO SO good. I ordered a side of it so I can snack on it later in the car. 

Vegan Burrito (6\/10): It wasn't what I had expected...too much of a turmeric taste. I was hoping for a "Chipotle sofritas" kind of taste. AND it was a bit spicy!!! The portion is generous so you will be full. It comes with a side of smashed sweet potato and red salsa. I would probably not order this again though.

Sante Fe Benedict (8\/10): My boyfriend loves this dish! It comes with a side of hash browns and cornbread. It's your traditional breakfast dish with cured ham & chipotle hollandaise poured all over.
Ordered 4 tacos with only cilantro and onion and 4 flautas with chips and salsa with two small cokes and I received 4 tacos with guacamole and pico de gallo.. And two large drinks "diets" cokes also the chips and salsa was chips and pico de gallo
Had the veggie burger with fries.  Not great, and way too much salt.  So much salt the fries in particular were inedible.
This was our first bachelorette weekend dinner, and it turned out to be one of the worst meals that we had even though we heard that this is one of the up-and-coming restaurants on the Strip! It started out with us not being able to get a reservation because it was apparently "full", but when our bride's mother-in-law used her player's card perk and got us a table, we found out that the restaurant wasn't even half full that night!

The Venetian had advertised their new app, which offers thousands of deals and coupons for various things on the Strip, so we were really happy to find that there was a free appetizer deal for DB Brasserie (for every 2 entrees that you order)...and that was what we did - we ordered 4 entrees and picked 2 appetizers for free. This is when our waiter started getting sour with serving our table...(if you don't want to give us free food, then don't offer it to begin with!)

When the appetizers started arriving at our table, we noticed that the food was either bland or just plain terrible. When the waiter asked us how we were doing, we straight out complained but he just brushed us off and walked away with the plates...really?!
The entrees eventually salvaged some part of our meal, but the whole experience was just not what we had expected from a Venetian restaurant. We couldn't wait to get out of there!
Okay so I did't eat in, and I only tried one thing, so I'll keep this review pretty short.

This place is probably pretty easy to miss, theres really just a small sign telling you where the restaurant is, but please, keep your eyes peeled because it is tasty. Restaurant was dead for some reason when I walked in, and there was a young man and lady cracking open shellfish on one of the tables. Probably not sanitary but I'll ignore it this time. The decor here is nothing fancy, but it has the typical, charming old school Chinese restaurant that overuses the colour red and features lots of dragons. 

It is truly unfortunate that I can't remember what the dish is called, I think it is along the lines of chicken with chilis or Szechuan chicken. I was expecting a stir fry but it was certainly not a stir fry, it was little pieces of fried chicken, green onion, peppercorn and chunks of red chili  peppers. It was deliciously salty, and flavorful... But most likely high in MSG. The green onion was also fried and it was crispy and tasty mixed in with the chicken, and I think my favorite thing about this dish was the fact that it was all white meat. Also, I asked for extra spicy and boy did I get it, I'm a complete spice addict but with these I had to stop frequently to drink. Fantastic!

It is so sad I only got to try one thing! I'll be back in Montreal soon and I'll probably have a feast here.
They said the plant in their office was giving out lap dances. I went to touch the plant and got yelled at. Never again. Plus i heard tbhey messed up some guys gtr.
Everyone raved and raved about the Fremont Street Experience as something I must do while in Vegas. So I went, I saw, and I don't ever need to go back.  
It's my understanding the casinos here are less pricey than on the newer section of the strip, but there was just too much going on here for me.  It was full on sensory overload between all the crazy outfits of people trying to make a quick buck, the zipline overhead and people milling about like they had never been in a public place before... it's just not my scene. 
I can surely appreciate it for what it is, but I would not go back in any hurry.  
Also, if you are looking for the heart-attack grill, I can completely understand why this is it's home.
pretty tasty Pad Thai and Pad Se Ew.  Wait staff were very friendly and attentive!  Prices were spot on too
After a LONG day (we were up for 23 hours straight), Hilton was a sight for sore eyes. 

Check in was quick and super friendly, and the rooms were decently comfortable, and clean. Interior design of the room is nothing to rave about, but it also wasn't dingy. This is exactly what you expect from a Hilton. 

The only reason this isn't a 5 star is that my husband went into the bar just as it was closing, and the bartender was a total jerk to him. He begrudgingly got him some draft beers (even though my husband wanted bottled), and the glass mug my beer came in was SO chipped that I cut my lip on it. 

Uber eats delivers here, so if you're hungry and it's too late to get the bar\/restaurant to make you something, get Hangover Hoagies delivered. They were great. 

5 stars for the hotel, 1 star for the jerk at the bar.
I wholeheartedly recommend this company! Keith and his guys have been out several times to patch up our old crusty units until we can buy new ones. They are reliable, honest, and quick with response time. These guys will get our business from now on!
Food: My local friends love this place and we came here to eat after running a local half marathon. I ordered the pho dac biet and some Spring rolls. As for the pho, I've had better. But it was decent. The broth was kind of lukewarm. I prefer my pho piping hot. They use pretty big bowls here. Even though the price of lime has recently skyrocketed, they still gave us plenty of lime wedges. The Spring rolls were pretty good. They sure used a lot of lettuce.

Service: Service was good. They kept checking to see if we had water.

Location: Parking was easy and plentiful. It's nice to eat at a restaurant away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.
I would not recommend this place ever.  The place is clean, but it should be is new, but from the moment u walked in the front desk girls seem to have no knowledge of a really sick person. My son went in for a really high fever they made us wait in same area where there was an elderly woman and a new born baby. I Quickly got up and asked for a mask for my son add I had a feeling he might be contagious.   Even though my son was there first and more sick we went back last.  Then the nurse came in stayed asking questions so super rude, with no compassion at all. Same with the doctor.  They acted weird like so in and out and next.  I wouldn't recommend you come here at all.  Back to regular emergency room where they are compassionate.  And truly make you feel like they care.
I feel so awful giving this place 3 stars. They're local, they're a small business, they're eco-friendly, the staff are kind ... I'm just frustrated with the food. The few times I've gone to Rustic Owl and ordered food, I've found that the portion size is totally sub par.  I actually don't eat very much, but I still found that there wasn't enough food. Maybe I came when their supply level was low? Regardless, it bummed me out. If you're going just for the coffee, then do it! They make a great brew. No complaints there whatsoever.
This place was recommended by a friend who had eaten here before. 

It has a very small dining area and we understood why yelpers complained about the wait. Lucky for us, we went at the perfect time because the bar area opened up just in time for the 6 of us to chow down. 

I got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with a side of Takana Mustard Leaf. Others enjoyed the other types of Ramen and the bf got the Pork Belly Bowl. Since I've been in SB for a while, I haven't had good ramen, so this was a special treat! 

I must warn you though, the container of reddish spices was very salty and I personally don't recommend it unless you try your dish first and want more salty goodness. I love adding white pepper to kick it up a notch and the sesame seeds were a nice mild addition as well.

I took a bite of the pork belly bowl and it had a nice flavor. It's pretty much marinated bacon, how can you go wrong? The ramen was very tasty and I was finished before I knew it. The mustard leaf added additional flavor, but wasn't really needed. 

This is a great find and a place that I'll definitely come back to.
Expect to wait past your reservation time.  Place was crazy busy arriving a little early for a 6:30 reserve on a Thursday night.  Checked in at the front desk and was seated right around 7pm.  Felt extremely lucky to find two seats in the bar area while we waited. 

Tasting menu - antipasti was good.  Bread service selection to start was freaking awesome.  Three bite sized samples off the antipasti menu made for a nice variety and a light first course.  Pasta, then main plates were surprisingly big.  Could not finish the main, and boxed the dessert selection for later in the room.  The food was good, it was just big servings.  Are they catering to middle America that wants a big place of food for their dollar?  Perhaps we just did ourselves in enjoying the bread to start.  

Summary - beautiful place, good food.  You won't get surprises here, you'll get Giada's classic dishes prepared to recipe.  She did a really good job of translating her brand into a restaurant. 

Next time we'll stick with our instincts and get antipasti, salad and pasta, period.
We send these guys quite a bit of business. They always do a good job. But this review isn't about that. It's about MY experience. 

When the tech arrived from Stapley he was on time. I like on time. 

Okay hold on, let me start over. The backlog to this story: When I leave for a weekend, my house goes on lock down. I'm paranoid like that. So I have this special locking mechanism for my garage door, you know for extra reinforcement in case someone decides to break in and feed my 80lb wolf. Well, in my haste, upon returning home after a long weekend, I tried to open said garage door while said locking mechanism was still engaged. Bad idea. Ripped the dang garage door opener right off the door, and some of the door with it! Sheesh. Embarrassing. It took me a week just to tell my fiance what happened. 

So back to Stapley. Tech comes out, looks at door, saves me the embarrassment by not asking me why the door looks the way it does. Tells me what my options are. I like options. Then says, you know I can just put "this thing here", and he totally fixed it. He was able to bypass broken part with new part, and charged me significantly less than what I would have expected. I was pretty pumped. All the while, the tech doesn't know that my company gives him lots of business and yet the service he offered was outstanding. Oh, and before he told me what the cost was going to be, he also helped me reattach a hanging storage unit at his suggestion. Pretty cool. 

Stapley gets my recommendation and I'm proud to refer them when my clients need the help.
Just had my dog groomed and they did a wonderful job! Even threw in a free baked treat. I will definitely be returning. Thank you!
Rhonda is very empathic and caring. I love patronizing this small business. I switched from a different brand to one of hers for my German shepherds and it really improved their coats almost immediately. She is really a great person and a German shepherd enthusiast. Need I say more?
First time at the place, we were greeted with rudeness from the waiter about outside food and drink. We have a picky eater that is 4 and only ways certain things. The waitress rushed us on ordering and didn't have anything to say about when we ask about the beer and wine selection. The pizza was just ok, not worth coming back to horrible service.
I go here to purchase Primal raw food for my cat as I have had storage issues with other shops and the raw is no longer safe to eat when I bring it home. They are awesome here. All staff is very on top of who is shopping but not overbearing or obnoxious. They remember me when I come in; they do not sell garbage pet food and you are not going to find your Purinas or your Pedigrees here. Excellent array of quality products that you cannot find somewhere else.
I don't remember the last time I visited a cheese cake factory but this visit made me realize there are so many other better restaurants out there for the price. 

We ordered the flat bread with pears, blue cheese, pecans, and baby spinach. It was good but the portion was pretty small. We also ordered the herb crusted salmon salad. I expected the salmon to be warm but it came out cold. Most salmon salads I'm used to the salmon is nice and warm and cooked medium but it seems like cheese cake factory's salmon was pre-cooked, over cooked and sat in a refrigerator until served. Our waiter seemed like he was in a rush and was not attentive.

Overall I'd rather choose a mom and pop shop spend the same amount of money for better food.
This is my favorite of the consignment store trail in and around Scottsdale. It's one of the ones I refer to as being in the Bermuda Triangle, AKA the Scottsdale Airpark neighborhood. Sometimes the only way I can locate businesses I found before is to drive around helplessly while my GPS sends me diabolically impossible directives.

This store is the best in class for me for many reasons: it's big and has a nice selection. There seems to be at least some level of taste and standards as to what is accepted. Furnishings are arranged in pretty good vignettes. It's clean and smells OK. Pricing is realistic for the most part. The staff is unfailingly friendly--on a hot day, I've been offered bottled water numerous times. I have consigned here and gotten a great return for my items. 

On one occasion, there was a little problem in which my husband and I had just decided to purchase a chair we were looking at, walked around the corner for a moment, and returned to see someone else buying it. The manager was distraught, and did all she could to keep everyone happy. In my case, it was having furniture picked up at my house free of charge since we allowed the other customer to get the chair. The delivery crew was polite and professional. 

If you can find this store, it's a winner!
I called to ask a few questions and the guy who answered was extremely rude. I might have asked a dumb question, but you should never treat customers the way he did. I was shocked and appalled and will never come back here for fear of being disrespected by the guy at the front desk. No stars.
Not sure why there are so many bad reviews! This salon is now one of my favourite places to get my nails done! The staff are friendly, and they do an amazing job for both acrylic nails and pedicures! I will def. be back, especially for acrylic nails.

The only con would be that they are really busy, so you would want to make an apt before you go to secure your spot. Otherwise, you will have to wait a long time (not a lot of seating), or you might have to come back another day.
Best kid's dentist ever!  My kids LOVE going here.  My son literally begs me to go see Dr. Happy.  They are caring and honest.  They dealt VERY well with my son who did not do well with the medicine to make him calm and sleepy.  It had the opposite effect and made him crazy but Dr. Happy and staff dealt with it very well.
Ignore the 1 star negative review. Places get busy, that's what happens. This is a wonderful place I will continue to get my haircut at. I was going to the Chandler location before and now I go to this new Gilbert location. They set the place up nice with good music and TV screens. I've never left unhappy. Request Megan! She doesn't disappoint!
Really overrated. I hadn't been here in two years and went for lunch today -- now I remember why I didn't bother. They are really stingy with toppings. I think I could count on one hand the number of tiny black beans the woman behind the counter put on my burrito. The guacamole is an unappealing shade of grey\/green and looks too smooth and uniform in texture; that said, I couldn't really taste it as I was barely given any. The rice is bland and dry. The red salsa looks and tastes like something from an Old El Paso container. Only the halibut, which seemed quite fresh, and the somewhat spicy hot sauce saved this. Honestly, would rather go to Chipotle - for the same price, at least they really stuff the burrito and the ingredients aren't any less fresh.

Toronto's burrito\/Mexican scene is pathetic, but I'm not surprised that all the 905ers who crowd this place on weekends don't know any better.
Re-posting this review as it got deleted.  I stopped into this T-Mobile store just before Christmas of 2014.   I purchased an IPhone 5S.  That was the only item I wanted.   The salesperson said they were having a Christmas special and I could get a Bluetooth headset, screen protector, and case for the phone, included for free.   That was a nice surprise.  I picked out the items, got the phone activated, and left.   On my next T-Mobile bill, I found out that they charged the extra accessories to my T-Mobile account and now I was making monthly payments on it.    After returning to the T-Mobile store to complain, the staff was not aware of any Christmas promotions.    Staff were 100% dishonest in order to increase their sales.    GET EVERYTHING IN WRITING and record all conversations.  You'll need the recordings later in small claims court.
I always enjoy going to shows here. The inside is cute like a mardi gras kind of theme.  There is lots of room at the bars and you never wait too long for a drink. There is plenty of space to sit too.  $4 for a PBR is a little much I think but it was a show. The staff was all friendly enough. The bartenders were cute.  It is one of the better place to see a show at. I just wish the drinks were a bit cheaper.  I just wish it wasn't in the heart of stupid Scottsdale!
If you're seeking some delicious, low-cal treats at SouthPark Mall, Yoforia is your jam. This particular location can get mighty packed on weekends, but the line moves uber fast. 

A few things to be aware of...

1) They charge by the ounce, so if you're being all gluttonous, you're going to pay for it, literally. 
2) The toppings are fab. Everything from Butterfinger bits to Captain Crunch to a smattering of fresh fruit. 
3) The employees here are super nice and will always ask if you'd like to sample anything. Sweet! 

My personal favorite combo is a small swirl of dark chocolate, cheesecake and peanut butter topped with chocolate chips and a dusting of Butterfinger bits. Or, perhaps I'll go all healthy with coconut fro yo, coconut shavings and fresh pineapple. I don't know...it's a game time decision!
I have to agree with these reviews.  After the first few forms, they were zero help. There are many difficult steps later in the process,  and they were completely worthless when things got tough. A complete waste of money. Their so-called high success rate comes from individuals finishing the process on their own to be with the one they love.
It's hard to find good bbq in Arizona. Why? because most folks here make better bbq at home than at restaurants! That being said, I am always on the lookout for a go-to bbq place and Bootleggers so far has my attention. 
Let's start with the bad: and it's really just one thing - the chairs! omg are they uncomfortable! I am talking about those yellow\/orange patio chairs in the dining room! From the moment I sat down till I left, the chairs were making me hate the experience. I am not disabled or elderly, but little stocky (6'1 250lbs), and the chair was pure torture. Those that get to sit on the booth side, are ok, but I will never dine there if I have to sit in that chair again. Just saying.
Now the good: everything else!  The service was good, nothing memorable. I'll chalk it up to a busy Saturday night that our waiter, when asked if I want my entree (which really was an app on the menu) to arrive before or with the other entrees, did not listen to my response! Since I was treating the Nacho Flat as my entree, I asked that it come out with everyone else's food. Nope - came out way early and I was done with my meal before anyone else at my table received theirs. The waiter did not have the situational awareness to see what a mistake he had made. I'll give the place a pass on this, just this once. I still tipped over 20%, despite the rather egregious service error.
The food however, is really good. The Nacho Flat didn't feel like just a plate of nachos at a bar etc... it was a whole meal, with delicious meat and crispy chips. 
But let me cut to the chase, as opposed to describing the menu items: the beef brisket and the pulled pork are fantastic!  so whatever your order, as long as it has one of those items, you are in a for a great smokey bbq tastegasm. 
The sides were pretty good too - the mashed potatoes with goat cheese, and cauliflower puree had a wonderful consistency and were flavorful. But this place is really about the brisket and the pulled pork. 'Nuff said. 
Being slightly pricey - in line with most Old Town Scottsdale restaurants, Bootlegger's is not a place I can go to often, but when we really need to go out for bbq, this is usually the first on our list of options.
Came in for a late lunch on the hunt for some artisan pizza.  I found this place on yelp and other food blogs and have always heard great things, but I had to experience it myself.

On the first floor of the Plaza Hotel was Pop Up Pizza.  It looked very nice and bright, very clean and sheik, with great art work displayed on the walls, two tv's, great music and it was packed with people.

The first piece of pie that caught my eye was the Fremont because of the eggplant.  I loooove eggplant.  And the other piece I wanted to try was the Goodman which had potatoes as a topping, which was a something new for me.  And I also ordered a basket of garlic fries.  And to drink I was pleasantly surprised to find my all time favorite soda in the frige, Doc Brown's Cream Soda!!!  Hard to find, so I was shocked to see it here.  But this was a good sign that it was going to be a great meal.

The Fremont was fantastic.  The eggplant was baked just right, and very tasty and went great with the sausage and peppers.  The crust and bread had a perfect balance between soft and crunchy which completed it all.

The Goodman was great.  The potatoes were very flavorful and turned out to be a great topping on a pizza.  I would definitely have it again.

Garlic fries were hot and fresh, fries were nice and crispy.  And of course, the Doc Brown's Cream Soda was refreshingly solid as always.

Overall, it was great handmade gourmet pizza with reasonable prices, nice ambiance, good service, & Doc Brown's Cream Soda.  It's great quality food perfect for dinner, and fast enough for a quick lunch.  Definitely coming back.  This place could definitely become a regular stop.

I also put a name in for the Black Horse in front.  Hope I win!
I didn't enjoy this place at all. We're on the road and stopped to get some food. Decided this place. Margaritas were alright. I got these El Dona something.. Beer battered chicken tacos. Sounded good, but when I got it the tacos the, I'm assuming corn tortilla, was cold and soggy. The chicken was kind of warm. The sauce was tasteless and cold. The thing that got me the most is that my boyfriend and I were wondering if they gave me seafood instead of chicken. But no. It was chicken. It just tasted terrible, And at two bites and I had to stop. It was just aweful. I hope it stays down. Service wasn't very good. Food wasn't good. I wouldn't go back nor recommend it to anyone. But that's just my opinion.
Yes,  two stars.
I felt compelled to write this review for the fact that it was just a bad experience overall. I eat out, alot. I frequent new and old establishments.
I eat mom and pop all the way to joel robuchon.
I give everyone a fair chance, and probably me being in the industry is not going to help this review at all, however...

Upon entering Firefly last night, there was no greeter for 4 minutes in a small lobby area that had no one present but myself and my girlfriend.
When the hostess finally sat us, we waited 10 minutes before anyone remotely attended to us. When that person came, it was for bread on the table. Then....the wait, another 10 minutes and still no service,even for drinks.
When my girlfriend spoke up, it was to another server who took our drink order AND our tapas selections. He told us, this was not his section, however..he put the order in and informed us that our "server" would be taking us through the remainder of our meal.
We Thanked him and soon after, our plates arrived, rather quickly I might add.
I must say, I am glad we only ordered 5 plates. Everything was either a fried element or had some sort of fried item in the food. 
At best, it was "ok". 

The Thai beef Salad tasted boring. No real essence of Thai at all. The beef almost tasted poached with no char,which could be from the over saturation of dressing. The dressing itself needed something to balance the acidity,perhaps a sweetness [which I am assuming was the purpose of the pickled ginger, is that even really "Thai"]
And the crispy wonton was over exposed and just way to much.

The empanada ..all I can say is Shame On You! Creme Cheese? Really?

The duck rolls were constructed as if it were rillette , almost a puree.
If, and I do stress, it was supposed to be that way, I would suggest learning to confit.

The croquette seemed like fried potato soup with cheese. No real evidence of any ham whatsoever.

About the only thing really "decent" was the tempura. Sauce was nice and not to overpowering with citrus segments in it. However, the green onions were left to soak in the grease for way to long and almost tasted burnt.

All the while of eating, I noticed the heavier set man who I am assuming is the FOH manager roaming. He spent most of his time however at a table, picking up a child and speaking to one table and that table alone. Not realizing what his staff is doing.

Now, back to the lack of service. Our waiter who "should" have been giving us service in the first place finally arrived at plate number 4.
He saw that most of the plates were left un eaten and suggested that he "pack" the food up in a to go box. We declined. He never asked us how our meal was or even why there was an abundance of food left.
You would think someone would get 2 + 2.

It was also a little strange that when the "original" order taker asked if my girlfriend wanted a refill on her drink and the busboy delivered it, he prepared to take my beer away in replace,yet, my girlfriends glass was empty [ o , did I mention that I never received the option for a beer glass and just received a bottle], then..the bussboy brought another drink to the table after that. Two drinks in a confusing fashion were delivered. At this point, I was at my limit.

There are smaller points I could make, but I believe I am getting my point across. 
Firefly, this is my second visit. I wont be returning for a long long long time, if ever.
I got my car from this place at the end of october. Luckily i knew exactly what i was looking for and they had it, so the fact that they were kind of pushing me into buying this car didn't bother me that much - i knew i wanted it when i came there. I am a girl who doesn't know much about cars so it was pretty easy for them to take advantage of that and they did. They didn't even want to show me the car until i agreed to buy it. The day I got the car the lights inside weren't working so I had to go back the next day to get that fixed. I also asked to take a look at the sunroof - the rubber part around it was sticking out and i had trouble opening and closing it. When they messed with it it only got worse!!! And they also told me that it is NOT SUPPOSED TO OPEN ALL WAY. Well, guess what??? It is supposed to (as i accidentally found out yesterday) - they were just lazy enough to say that instead of fixing it as they should have. There were few other minor issues that they should have taken care of but never did (for example the battery died in just about a month after i got the car). 
I do love the car and i am happy i have it but i really doubt that i will go back to that place when it is time to get something else.
After spending four days in a suite at the Venetian two things became very clear to me.  One -- I need to be a kept man, though this probably has nothing to do with my review.  More importantly -- two -- I need to actually live *in* the Venetian as we were meant to be.  I've also stayed at The Wynn and I would say that I prefer the Venetian out of the two.

It was easily one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed at.  The entire building oozes elegance and beauty.  The service was first class -- we ordered room service once or twice and they were on the ball.  And the suite was gorgeous, too.  Very clean and immaculately prepared.  Our suite was in the Venezia tower and was extremely nice.  It had a sunken living room, a surprisingly comfortable king size bed (for one that wasn't my own), and two flat screen televisions.  The bathroom was enormous and had double doors, an all glass shower and a large bathtub, two sinks, and a separate toilet room.  And the view from the room was quite a sight, too.

Everything else in the building was fantastic.  The shops were great and the street performers were talented and entertaining.  The pool area has a great layout and overlooks the strip.  I definitely got used to grabbing a mimosa and sitting by the pool -- it was a great place to relax, nurse a hang over, and admire the surrounding architecture.

Another added bonus to staying here was the location.  It was great being able to walk outside and be right on the strip.  Everything was at our fingertips or within a short walking distance.
My husband had a 4 day conference at the Four Seasons hotel in Vegas, and my mother-in-law offered to keep my 20 month old daughter for us. That NEVER happens! In all of my disbelief\/excitement\/running around like crazy trying to get everything lined up for the trip, I totally forgot how awful my nails looked. It was not until we were comfy on our JetBlue flight to Vegas that I looked down and almost shrieked in horror at the sight. As soon as we landed I called the Nail Bar at the Four Seasons to see if they could fit me in for a manicure. She said absolutely. The area itself is quite small, but very modern and clean. My tech Andrea was an absolute sweetheart. I got the Essentials, and was very pleased with the end result. It is a 25 minute manicure, so don't expect a lot of frills. Also, they do not have a huge color selection, but the brands they carry are high quality. I felt the price was reasonable (by Vegas standards). I would not make a special trip here from another hotel, but if you are staying in the Four Season or Mandalay Bay I would absolutely recommend Nail Bar. Be sure to ask for Andrea!
My visit to Geraci's was the first time I ever left a pizza joint not stuffed ridiculously full and ready to pop. It was fantastic. 

The restaurant is situated in a tiny shopping plaza and at first glance it appears there may not anywhere to park. There is additional (although I'm not sure it's theirs) parking in the back of the building. When you walk in the door you're greeted with the familiar "Guy was Here" poster - I've seen the episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives that featured Geraci's - so I had come with some pretty high expectations. 

Upon fully entering the establishment you are greeted with a "Please Seat Yourself" sign - which is kinda nice since you are able to choose any booth or table you want. On this particular trip, many of the tables were full (we stopped in for a late-ish lunch, around 1:30pm) but not overbearingly packed. The restaurant appeared clean (no sticky tables or dirty booths here) and we were greeted by a waitress within minutes of taking a seat. Pouring over the menu we settled on a large pepperoni pizza with half sausage and half onion (my personal fave) and we also ordered a Caesar salad to share.

When our salad arrived at our table it looked very homemade, the lettuce was fresh, the cherry tomatoes were ripe, and the parmesan and mozzarella cheese on top was divine. The only minor disappointment was that the salad wasn't tossed with the dressing (it was just on top) - but I made due and mixed it myself. Not too much longer after that we were greeted with our delicious looking pizza pie. The waitress then proceeded to plate a piece for each of us - which at first confused me, but I guess it was a nice "customer service-y" touch.

The pizza looked appetizing and didn't have pools of grease on top. The hand-tossed regular crust was perfect, not overly done and definitely not crispy\/greasy like some of the chain restaurants. The pepperoni was thick and AMAZING. It was my favorite part of the whole meal. The sausage was good too - but there was a lot of it - and it was somewhat overpowering. The sauce was another highlight - it wasn't heavy and didn't taste anything like the canned sauces that other pizza places use. 

For dessert we were tempted to order the Spingi (fried dough in a basket) but opted instead for the apple caramel cheesecake - which was divine!

The waitress was friendly but our drinks were left empty for a good length of time (in her defense the cups are tiny and we were thirsty). 

Some final notes -
1. They don't take credit cards, make sure you have cash on you.
2. You take your bill up to the front - you don't need to wait for your waitress to take it up for you.
3. Order some pepperoni!
4. You can take a group for a celebration but it may be hard to find a large table all together.
The reviews and praise of this place are true! We went there last week for a birthday party and we were not disappointed. Great service, fun drinks, and of course delicious food. We all ordered something different off the menu, salmon tacos, pizza, bison burger, pasta carbonara, etc and they all left us more than satisfied. The outdoor patio is great to enjoy the weather when it's nice and close to the bar. My only complaint is we all got charged a "cake cut" fee even though we bought the cake and brought our own utensils to cut it. I highly recommend this restaurant and looking forward to go back.
The service was terrible. I had to leave our table to retrieve menus at the hostess station. It took about 15 minutes for the waitress to take our order. The manager seemed really annoyed by the four of us. We got mixed messages from the hostess, manager, and waitress about the status of the restaurant--they were open for drinks only, last call on food, last call on drinks. No one knew what was going on; the staff were not communicating well, and the food and drinks are overpriced.
This is a review of THIS location only.  I typically love Paradise Bakery...especially their cookies.  This location (located in the high end Gainey Ranch area) has to be the WORST run location I've ever been to.  Unfortunately it's by my house our I would never come back.  They constantly forget to prepare orders...they are always run out of utensils, the employees are poorly trained, the tables arent cleaned in a timely manner.  It's just horrible!  Oh...but the cookies are still good.
I went to this cracker barrel once,the food was okay, nothing spectacular. They dont give you enough food. Anyway, after we ate we went the gift shoppe, my mom is in a wheel chair. And as soon as we got in there, looking around,they came with extra employees talking on the walki talkies and watching us like we gonna steal somthing. My mom is almost 90 in a wheel chair.we are part black\/part hispanic .we felt so uncomfortable , we will never go back. Thats the problem with most of these restaurants .they stare at you,like we cant eat there. Next it will be back to the old days, Colored eat in the rear!
Late evening service is pretty slow but the food is decent and the dining area is kept pretty clean.  You can use points to get a "discount" when paying for your meal.  Chili dog was only ok - nothing special but not bad either.  The convenience outweighs all else, though, when it's late and you want a quick bite.
Great food! Cool staff. AWESOME specials. I go here all the time! I went he first time cause it is close to my job, but I keep coming back for the food and the people!
This place seems to stay pretty busy, so don't expect speed unless you happen to pop in at a slow time.  The beet salad was good, but the watermelon iced tea was kind of "meh".
I have been here several times.  Our regular server was not here.  We sat for 20 minutes before WE had to ask to be served.  Of course the waiter was new and only had one other table that I could see.  
The young man seemed very confused to the menu items that we always order.  We had to show him the menu.  He was then gone and the other servers had to serve his other table.  Waiting...... Waiting........  The manager walked by two times and didn't say a word.    Waiting...... Waiting.......
Poor service today. Poor management.
Unbelievable.  Everything from beginning to end.
Superior service,incredible food.  This is the place to go go.
My wife and I celebrated our anniversary and they made us feel extra special.  Compliments to the chef and the owner.
Most Excellent restaurant.  They gave me a student special. $5.99 for Jerk Chicken, a large portion of rice and beans, and steamed vegetables which is cabbage and carrots stewed. The jerk chicken was extremely good, but watch out for the bones! It's my first time trying jamaican food, and this restaurant gave me a great opinion of it. 5 Stars. They don't take debit and credit cards, only cash, but there is an BMO ATM in the Sobey's nearby, CIBC across the street, TD branch in the plaza, and a RBC ATM further down Lawrence Street. A Scotiabank is on the opposite side of the street on Keele,I think.
Great Atmosphere staff, and food were excellent!!! I would definitely have friends and family come at and enjoy!!! awesome sound and talent!!!!
I've been going to Magen Nail for almost 2 years and have just found that the ownership has changed in the last month. While I miss the family who used to own the shop, I've been very happy with the quality of service and friendliness of the new owners. They did exactly what I wanted (length, shape, etc) and took a little extra time to make sure it looked nice. Also, I don't do nail design, but I've seen others looking through the sample designs (lots of them!) and heard exclamations of how pretty they are. So...head over to Magen and give the new folks a try!
The guys that deliver water are very nice and the sushi chefs are totally awesome!  The waitresses never have a personality and won't speak to you at all if you don't ask them a specific question.

One of the sushi chefs recently went way out of his way to help me out when my bill was like $30 more than it should have been.  Without his help I don't think they would have ever gotten it right!

The sushi is great. The chicken is not.  The lunch specials are a great deal!
Despite the great location, and beautiful decor, something about the place did not work for me and I don't think I would come back.

When I get there, the receptionist was new, and did not know what the Passport to Prana was. I felt weird that I knew more than she did, and there was no manager or instructor on hand to help her. I had also asked if they had blocks, and she didn't know what they were (and they didn't have any - what kind of yoga place, other than Bikram, doesn't have these props?).  I think a yoga studio should at least hire someone that has some yoga knowledge. 

The lounge area is spacious and big with lots of magazines, tea\/water and nice big couches. Along the narrow corridor to the changerooms, the door was open to a large storage area, and there were rags on the floor. 

The change rooms are a decent size. Two big showers, some space for clothes, and bathroom out of the way in a separate area. However, it did get crowded after the class during the changeover. 

I was early for the 5:15 Heated Hatha Flow class, and she was finishing up with the last class. They finished exactly at 5:15, not really leaving a lot of time for relaxing and getting used to the heat in the room.   I guess this is why she spent a good 10 mins in the beginning in Savasana (I felt a little waste of time). 

Charlotte was an okay instructor. Her soothing voice put me to sleep esp when we were lying down. However, there were only 2 of us in the class today. It would have been nice to have more interaction, more corrections. At least have us introduce ourselves, and talk about things we would like to work on, or our yoga experience. There was nothing, and she ran the class no different if there were 20 people in the room. Adjustments were minimal. I wasn't impressed. 

The class itself was supposed to be Hatha Flow - I barely broke a sweat. There were some vinyasas, but the pose sequence was not enough to get a heart rate up. Maybe this is just the nature of Hatha Yoga - but I've been to a non-flow class that did give me a good work out - who knows.
This was my first time here and wow, it was worth Alyssa who cut my hair did a great job I would recommend this to anyone who looking for a hair cut...
I was so impressed by this restaurant! The whole package. The food, the Staff, and the atmosphere. 

I went here on my birthday with 3 other people. We all got different dishes(Tortilla soup, Enchiladas, Tacos, Chimichangas). We were all able to taste all the different dishes and everything was perfect! It tasted home cooked, not frozen. Absolutely delicious!

For dessert we got the Fried Ice Cream, and the Sopapillas. OMG. I was in absolute heaven.

I definitely recommend you give that charming little place a try, you won't be sorry.  Come hungry!
This is a great LCBO. Although it's not massive, it has pretty much anything you need to get your fix. It's also very clean and does not have the sketchy population of the one open til 10pm at Yonge and Wellesley. Friendly staff, really cold beer. It' a good one. 

Beware - it closes at 8pm mon - thurs, 9pm fri-sat and 5pm sun. That's the only downfall.
Can't say much about this place in terms of a full blown meal. What I can say is my experience was positive. I had only drinks & a tapas. My drink was the Apple Cider WAY too sweet for my taste but that has zero to do with the restaurant. 

My Tapas was the Teriyaki Bao Sliders. They were delicious!! Very tender meat with a kick from Karashi Mayo...just delicious. I would like to do this over again but with a sit down service. From the food alone this is a 4*.
My wife and I required pet sitting for our two cats over Christmas and are just thrilled to have found Marc & High 5 Pet Care. First off, High 5 is licensed, bonded and insured so you have peace of mind going into it. More importantly though, Marc came across as the most genuine and professional sitter we met with\/interviewed. His passion for animals is evident and the service top-notch; we particularly liked the little 10-15 second clips of the cats interacting with him. In fact, we felt they were enjoying his visits so much that we scheduled a couple extra for their benefit. I could on and on with superlatives but suffice it to say we have found our pet-sitter-of-the-future and would recommend High 5 Pet Care to anyone needing the proper attention for their furry little loved ones.
Don't get me wrong I am a fan of Dutch Bros Coffee, but dang the waits are horrible. I love the staff and their outgoing personality but they need to cut back the chatting when the lines are 10+ deep.  I do not mind waiting for staff to acknowledge each customer that buys product, but do they have to take 3 minutes with each? I no joke waited over twenty minutes for a coffee. That to me is ridiculous and I do not think I will be stopping by the Goodyear location anymore during the morning rush. Coffee is still great but if I get laid off for being late to the office, I won't be able to afford any coffee. :)
Again...groupon brought me here, but Tara, Madi, Shari, and Matt kept me coming back.  When you arrive someone calls out, "Hi Kathleen (or Nancy...inside joke, which is great). It is always clean and well-stocked with fresh fruit, coffee, tea, oatmeal, etc. for those early morning workouts.  

The way the Koko trainers work is amazing, making those workout routines you've always wanted to try in magazines, but know you'd look like a dork running around your gym going from machine to machine totally unnecessary. AND you never have to wait for the gym-hogs (you know the kind...they do ten reps of something then sit at the machine you need for their five-minute rest between sets and never get up.) 

 I have gotten so much stronger and my arms, legs, and core have gotten firmer.  The Koko cardio programs are great, too.  I can torch 225 calories in 15 minutes (with the medium-advanced elliptical) or chill and burn 125 on the treadmill.  

Love, love, love Koko FitClub!
Great place to watch the game! Ashley was a sweetheart and a great server. We will definitely watch more 49ers games here! (Love how they change the station at your table)
Meh" pretty much sums it up.

Drab food. Drab decor. Drab waiters. Drab smiles.

OK, maybe "drab" sums it up better.

That and the cold food that's supposed to be hot and the vermouth-drenched martini that's supposed to be "extra-dry"!
I am so pleased with my experiences at North Scottsdale Animal Hospital. My pup received the best care during our annual visit and I am so happy with their grooming services! The price was great and I felt that my dog was in the best hands. The grooming turned out adorable and an hour after I picked her up my dog is resting peacefully looking cute and relaxed. Thank you North Scottsdale Animal Hospital!
I found Incestek on Yelp and they have been excellent from the beginning. When we moved into our home we realized that the home had ticks inside and outside. They had attached themselves to our dog, so we needed to get them gone as soon as possible. They were completely gone within 3 weeks and we haven't had anymore in over a year of living here. 

We also had stored some things for a friend and ended up with roaches. They came out and treated in between our scheduled visits to help us with that. Each time they came back they'd ask about our issues and would add different techniques to resolve the issues. 

We've had scorpions, ants and spiders and they also take care of it all. 

Caleb is our normal tech guy and he's awesome! We feel comfortable with him in our home and he's always on time, thorough and fast. Also the staff on the phone is always friendly and accommodating.
O.k., o.k. We had to stop in and try this place just to see what all the hype was about and if any of it was true. Can you say OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is the real deal and I can't say that I, nor my taste buds, have ever had a sandwich as good as these are. Yes, we have been back and it is just as good and we will be back again and again as long as our stomachs don't explode from the massive amount of food you get on the plates they serve you. Hot dog they call them here but they are the largest hot dogs I have ever seen and cooked to a plump juicy temp with an awesome bun. The burger is a 1\/2 pound which we ordered well done and yet it came out so juicy and full of flavor. The cook has his stuff together here. I might just have to forgo the diet and head back over there tonight.  ;-)
What the French? Toast?! 

I mean I didn't have French toast but my guess is it would have been freaking delicious if I did! 

How have I not tried this place I can't be sure but I know I'll be back and be recommending it to my fellow breakfast lovers. The garden of Eden omelet and buffalo chicken omelet were both great! Huge portions located with good stuff like avocado and blue cheese each served with crunchy skillet potatoes and a side of toast, bagel or banana.

The service was friendly, the food came out fast and we really enjoyed what we ordered. I look forward to coming back and trying other items.
It is very unfortunate that this incident occurred, but it is very important that this does not happen to another person - 

I love playing craps and have been playing for years....I work at a casino so I know the rules of the game.

A couple of weeks ago, I had the pleasure of playing craps with a bunch of friends visiting here.  The crap table was full and we were all having a good time. Nothing obnoxious, just good old mature fun. 

Then this happens...

The pit boss decides to not only warn me, but provide a full blown lecture of how I'm braking their 8 second rule and have to hit the back wall of the crap table. Now I completely understand that it's their job to throw the shooter off, but this was uncalled for.  The reason behind that is, every other shooter took substantially longer than I did when setting their dice. Most of the other shooters did not hit the back wall and my tosses did.  My friends could not believe that he only lectured me for it so they purposely took long and did not hit the wall to see if they would get a warning. One of them even raised the dice to their face to set it, and nothing.  The other 14 people had no warnings whatsoever.

I believe that this was discrimination and will never return to that casino, nor will I ever have anything nice to say about it.  I can understand that maybe the pit boss gentleman may have been having a bad day or just broke up with his Asian girlfriend that looked like me, but that was completely unprofessional and demeaning.  This is something that needs to be addressed and I hope that man will think twice before doing that again.
We came here on a Sunday afternoon and split the pretzel and fries. The pretzel was buttery and salty with mustard and thick cheese dip. The fries came with three different sauces to dip, the spicy mayo was my favorite. I ordered a huge wheat ale that went great with the spicy burger. Definitely recommend this place if you're craving a good burger and a beer.
Super impressed with this game store.  Has a great selection of games - I was surprised by the selection.  I've had to order games online since Charlotte doesn't really have its fair share of gaming stores.  But they pretty much had all the games I own on the shelf.

Not sure how long this store has been here, but I wish I had known about it earlier.  It helps to actually go to a store to talk to someone who's pretty knowledgeable about games to help you pick the next game purchase.  Definitely helps to demo games too.  Some of the board games my friends and I purchase can be a little complex and involved, it's hard to shell out the $$ on something that doesn't pan out.
Cheap chinese and nothing else in the area worth a darn, so you get the min 3 stars right off the bat. Would maybe give a 4th for location, but just can't do it. I've had to much confusion on their end taking orders. When I order food at lunch, give me the lunch price, I shouldn't have to specify. Or at least ask of I want lunch or dinner combo, don't just assume I want to pay more.
This is the best Thai food we have ever had in Arizona! The portions are very large, there is a wide variety of dishes, and everything we've ever had we have left. Service is wonderful, it was kid friendly, and very clean and fast service. Our 10-year-old and six-year-old loved it and they want to go back. My favorite dish there is the pumpkin curry, you have to try it!
My boyfriend and I had Daniel as our Real Estate agent and he was the best person to have.

He took us from home to home with pleasure before we decided on our new home in Bradford that we absolutley love.

During our home searching, he was patient and always willing to listen to my concerns, helping us see and notice things about each home we entered. 
His knowledge and professionalism was outstanding and like no other.

If we should have to move or look into investing in another home, hands down, he's the guy who will help us with that. This wasn't our first home purchase but the first time we used Daniel and he will be the only agent we use moving forward.

Tina G
5 stars because for the AYCE price and quality of food, it cant be beat! service was friendly, not much conversation but i go there for the food. went initially because of the Yelp reviews, and i was SO PLEASED with the food!!! 

the kalbi was delightful.. definitely my favorite on the menu. man du was not too greasy\/oily, i ordered two of that :) i like the fact that they allow only two to three orders per round (per person) (IOW: 2 people can order 6 dishes). the volcano pork was supposed to be spicy.. and it looked really spicy, w the red sauce.. but it was not spicy in the least bit. that's okay, because it was still okay to eat (i'd give the volcano pork a 6 out of 10). garlic shrimp was a pain to deshell, so i just ate it whole (and it was pretty good with the shells!!) chap chae was good too. kalbi and chap chae was my top 2. bulgogi was mediocre.. tasted like pure beef.. not much to it. spicy tuna roll was okay, but the love sushi roll was really good too!! 

overall, love this place. also you should know a few things before heading over there in terms of pricing: 
-if one person gets an All You Can Eat, everyone else at the table MUST get AYCE (no exceptions!)
-if you get AYCE, and you would to order some items that is not on the AYCE menu (such as bibimbap), it would cost $4 for the other items instead of the regular price. however, you would not be allowed to take those items (that are not AYCE) home if you can't finish it. if you decide to do some takeout along with your dining in, it would be regular price and not $4.00

can't wait to come back here when i get back to vegas!!
Shot the M4 here, my first full-auto. They explained everything thoroughly; the store and range area were clean and well maintained. My complaint is that the firearm kept jamming, so I wasn't able to dish out as many rounds at once as I wanted to. I followed all of the instructions, and yet the M4 still jammed four times in one magazine; the range instructor could not determine the problem, but whenever it jammed he just cleared it and handed it back to me. I came here to shoot full-auto, and I could have done semi-auto in Canada, where I'm from. As a result, this was a waste of my money. They should have compensated me, or at least given me a different firearm after it jammed the first or second time.
Love this location. Compared to Craig and Boca Park this one takes the cake! Def worth the drive.
I got my hair cut and colored by Cass who was absolutely amazing! It was my first time getting my hair colored so I was nervous! She did exactly what I asked and it turned out so much better than I ever imagined. She is also very flexible with her scheduling and is easy to communicate with via text! Thanks Cass!
In 2016 I purchased one vehicle from Town and Country Ford off Independence Blvd., Charlotte, NC. At that time the process was fairly seamless. However a little less than a year later I came back to Town and Country Ford off Independence Boulevard in Charlotte North Carolina to make a second purchase. This time I felt as if I was being taken advantage of the old game bait and switch apparently was in process. Therefore, I took my business elsewhere and purchase a vehicle I wanted for the terms I required. Today I only returned to Town and Country Ford to get the first oil change on our mustang which happens to be free. Otherwise I would never come back to this dealership to purchase or service my vehicles. To all my Facebook friends, Family members, I do not recommend Town and Country Ford for a purchase or a service.
Fantastic breakfast sandwich. Coffee was also good and the croissant was flaky and delicious. My friend had the Italian sandwich and couldn't stop raving about it. Highly recommend this place for either breakfast or lunch.
The airport was easy to navigate and clean. no gum on the floor. had to rock my jacket as the airport had some kicking AC going on. the people were nice
Since moving to Stoughton there hasn't been much in the way of restaurants especially if not pizza\/american food. So was looking forward to having a new Chinese restaurant to try! After hearing good reviews in a local facebook group we decided to give it a go. Im glad we did they have good food and quick service! We tried their chicken lo mein, chicken chow mein and steamed dumplings. All worth having again and I look forward to trying more next time!
We've been wanting to go for a while...so our first time was yesterday (9.4.2011) It was totally dead and there were no reviews on yelp, but we thought we'd take a chance. The food was really good, service was excellent. We were sitting next to a speaker and the music was kinda loud. But it was a nice change from the norm. I couldn't stop moving in my seat because the music was pretty catch-y The place looks like a dance hall more that a restaurant, but still nice. The staff was saying that the place gets crazy on the weekend, lots of dancing! 10pm to 4am sometimes. We'll defiantly go back.
I have been a Motorcars customer for decades. Until a few days ago, I drove a Honda Civic. I decided it was time for a new car, I wanted a hybrid, and had decided on a Toyota Prius, so this time I went to the Toyota side of Motorcars. I knew which car  I wanted, and how much I was willing to pay. I did not know much about their accessories packages and service contract, so needed information about those.

Antonio Morson was very helpful in getting me the exact information I needed. He was easy to talk with and did not pressure me. He was especially helpful in showing me the basic functions of the car, which is very important because it operates quite differently from my previous cars.

My one complaint is that my husband and I had to wait a long time when we came to sign papers and pick up the car. I understand the customer before us had a long, long, long list of questions about his contract, and once he had begun the process they had to see it through. There was only one person available to go through the financial arrangements, so we had to wait. There is no way to predict when a customer will need extra time, and yes, it is the dealership's responsibility to answer any questions a customer has before signing a contract. But I think they should always have more than one person available who can do the paperwork, to avoid this situation. On the plus side, our sales person, Antonio, made the wait more palatable by sitting with us and chatting. It helped. Other than that wait, I was, as usual, happy with my buying experience at Motorcars.
Great food! Try the fries! Overpriced for quality for food, and for Ohio in general, but food is pretty good.

Staff was a little "slow" not in getting us our food but for understanding the human language both over the phone and in person... I may even go back...
I was so nervous about letting someone new handle my hair. I went in for a consultation & they knew exactly what I wanted. On the day of my appointment I was greeted with such friendliness and Diane was my stylist who got rite on my color. Conversation was filled with smiles & laughter My color turned out AMAZING!!! I've found my new home for hair. Maria was such a doll. Thank you to the staff for an amazing experience... See u soon
I come here all the time for pho, their rare beef is delicious and super tender. I always order the rare beef on the side so it doesn't cook too fast in the broth and they always give such a large portion
F O O D   S U C K S

VERY DISAPPOINTED with this place, first and last time here, food was cold, steak was dry, lemonade must of had a pound of sugar, service was horrible, waited 35 min for our food when place wasn't busy at all, peanuts were stayled, got a bucket of peanuts from 4 other tables, all of them were all the same, and my crackers that came with my chili were stayled, NEVER WILL I STEP FOOT AGAIN AT LOGANS, 
TEXAS ROADHOUSE BLOWS U GUYS OUT OF THE WATER.
We absolutely love this place! Drinks are amazing. Service matches. Sat at the bar tonight and had a great meal, great bartenders and fantastic ambiance. I would highly recommend this place for a date night or for a night with friends.
Great place for patio eating. The owner actually Greets you! The staff is friendly. Come here and hang out.
Great to get quality used fence and screen mesh.  

Tiberti has been around forever and they do great large scale projects.  I needed some used fence for a smaller project at a residence.  They sell used fence and screen mesh.  The staff there is super friendly and helpful.  They walked me back to their yard and let me pick out the used materials I wanted.  So much better than tying to find something on Craigslist. 

Thanks for helping me out!
Simply amazing!! Thank you for the delicious food and the trip down memory lane-  of my many cold, late night trips to the food cart on 53rd waiting on that long line!! I it!! The food was absolutely incredible!! Literally tastes exactly like the food cart I grew up with! 
Thanks for opening up so close to my new home! Moved from the east coast about 3 years ago, and that was one of a few things I missed!
Best place to be 
Opens early then any place 
Clean n out
Great staff                         
5* aren't enough for this place 
Highly recommend 
They have good food 
Dance floor
Dj 
Big ass bar
Jesus!! This place is great, I had the pork loin but dined with relatives so I tried a bunch of things off of the menu and it was worth every single dollar. The restaurant has a wonderful ambience and the service was excellent. I have been restaurant hopping around Phoenix and after about fifteen or so meals at their competition and neighbors, Southern Rail would definitely be in the top 3. Wonderful place and it took my by surprise, give this place a chance!
Friendly servers, quick seating on the weekends (with the option to sit outside), and very fast service. Different servers checked in with me multiple times to make sure I was taken care of. My only real complaint was the coffee was not piping hot and just so-so... but other than that, a good option for standard American breakfast.
Street fighter is a great place for any audio system or almost anything you need for your car! Small businesses is where it's at and they are amazing!
Vegas is all about luxury.  The treasure island might not be the most luxurious but it does the job. Close to everytging, clean and good staff. Stayed here twice. Both times, very affordable! Loved that they opened up a CVS in the building and a Starbucks on the premises. Just disappointed they no longer do the shipwreck show.
Stopped in for dinner, walked over from Sheraton Downtown.  The place was beautiful, service was fantastic, food fresh, and very reasonably priced.  I love the origin and how unique the place is, did not disappoint.  Check out the bathrooms upstairs. 

We ordered appetizers, pizzas, salads, and drinks.... all were excellent!! Would highly recommend.
Not enough exercise mat.  People are very rude there! Not enough classes for healthy back!  It's really going down
I was a little disappointed coming here. I really wanted the old Vegas experience. We came during the middle of the day, perhaps that was the wrong time to go. I really wanted to see the light show on the ceiling, but time did not permit. 

We spent about an hour here walking around and seeing all the old time Vegas signs and casinos. But after that, there was not much more to do. I guess we'll have to come back in the evening some time in the future to see the show on the ceiling!
My girlfriend and found Rubio's because we were new to the area and were looking for a good Mexican place.  This was not it.  But... it's still amazing.

It's a chain, and a fast-food joint, so don't expect something else, but their food is really pretty spectacular for the price.  They have a bar full of different salsas and lemon slices and lime slices which is nice to add to your meal, but the food itself is really fresh and healthy-feeling.  I don't know if it's actually healthy because I'm not a doctor but I can tell you it 'feels' healthy.

I recommend the shrimp tacos.  Delicious.  That's all I can say.

Finally, another reviewer (Michelle N.) said there's a drive thru here.  There isn't.
Sam was Awesome and Matt did a great job on the design. We could not be happier! I will be using them again for our next project!
This place missed the mark for me. It's a gorgeous space with a great ambience, however, the service and food need some work.

Take the name of this place seriously. I found the food to be over-seasoned and quite salty. 

I ordered the asparagus and oyster mushroom risotto for dinner and what I got was good ol' Uncle Ben's long grain and wild rice instead; pretty sure that frozen carrot, peas, and lima bean mix you can buy in the grocery store was thrown into it as well. To top it off, it was incredibly salty.  My dining group and I all agreed that it was definitely not risotto. The others were equally unsatisfied with their dinner choice.

Most of the staff seemed friendly, however, there was something that seemed artificial about everyone working here. Our server even questioned my friends dinner option with an "Oh, that's all you're ordering?" Clearly, this could have been phrased more appropriately.

I'm disappointed both thinking and writing about my experience at Salt...

Honourable Mentions:
- Think Spain: a nice array of cow, sheep, and goat's milk cheese, wine, and meat
- Beautiful space for date night
This location sells both chicken tenders and Nathan's hotdogs. We got a combo to split that included (2) Nathan's hotdogs and an order of fries. It was a nice snack to hold us over until dinner. Definitely a little pricy at almost $11. (Another Yelper said he paid $6 for the same combo- no idea what he is talking about.) Despite the cost, the dogs and fries were delish!
Vegan or not you should try this place. 

I had the unchicken sandwich and im serious when I say this, it tastes like chicken.  My side the chili cheese fries.. UN-FKN-REAL sooo good.. going back for sure!!!!
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!  A friend of mine recommended this show - said it was the BEST Cirque Du Soleil show in Vegas, and after seeing it, I'd have to agree!  Instead of 1.5 hours of somewhat random awesomeness, this show actually had a story-line that you could follow, which super entertaining!  It had so many different elements to please every single person (females, males, and children).  This was right up my husband & I's alley, but we also took some friends that weren't so "artsy" with us and they were constantly saying "WOW" (as were we) :)  I recommend sitting towards the back (we were in row G and it was a little too close) so  you can see everything that's happening on the sides of the stage more (which really isn't too often, but it happens).  Also, the stage rotates every which way, so if you sit close, you'll be looking UP a lot and your neck gets a little tired.  Anyway, this show is DEFINITELY recommended by us - it was absolutely breathtaking!  A must see - I don't think ANYONE would be disappointed seeing this!!!
Dodge Electric is TOP NOTCH!  

Mike, thanks for getting back to me so quickly with an estimate and sending the right guys out for the job.

Special thanks to Chris and Tyler.  You guys did a great job on the recessed lights in our great room.

I will be contacting Dodge Electric for future projects.

Davin
The food is amazing!!! The margaritas are the best I've ever had! Muddled with fresh fruit! The shrimp, steak, guacamole you name it is just awesome! Ask about their specials. Half price in Monday! Location is not so great but ignore next door!
I lived in North Olmsted for the better part of 3 years and to be honest I have driven past Mashiso (still no idea how to pronounce it) plenty of times not thinking anything of it. My girlfriend brought it up for us to try as she heard that it was similar style to Chipotle but Asian cuisine so we figured we would give it a go for dinner on Saturday night. We pulled up at prime dinner time of 6pm. We walked in and to be honest the first thing I thought was this was a Chipotle clone. The décor was similar (except with red as the main color theme), had a similar line as chipotle and even the same menu style above the line. I love Chipotle so I was completely fine with the set up and felt like I was in my comfort zone. It was also nice to see other diners in there enjoying dinner and not a completely empty restaurant. 

We were greeted by the restaurant worker and we stated to her that it was our first time. She was very friendly, explained the process as similar to yet again Chipotle (wrap, bowl, salad) and even offered to let us sample the meats to pick the one for our liking. We both opted for bowls and both went with the vegetable lo mein noodles over the rice, I went with the Thai curry chicken as it has a nice spice to it, the lady went with the Korean beef without trying a sample. We finished our bowls with steamed broccoli and carrots, Asian slaw, Hunan Sauce (soy based) and cheese. They also gave us multiple "cold sauces" to mix in which was a nice touch. The food was good not great; it would be better in my opinion if they stirred it all together but that's just a preference. The meats were tasty but I would go with the Korean beef next time as it had better flavor than my chicken dish. The noodles were nothing to write home about but I did surprisingly enjoy the Asian slaw. The meal was portioned correctly as I was able to finish my meal but I was 100% full when I was done. I recommend the orange "cold sauce" over the white "cold sauce" (didn't get the names of these). 

It was overall a nice changeup to Asian cuisine.  I wouldn't say this was any better or any worse than any Chinese takeout but I would come back again. My meal was filling and priced well, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable and it was a very clean establishment. If you want to change it up, give Mashiso a go.
It's not the best gym. Always overcrowded and not enough equipment. Staff is meh also. And I don't appreciate having to see all the bums who go there to relax and bathe for a cheap price it's disgusting.
While the line was at least a 30 min wait, it was well worth it. Best poutine I've had, ever, never mind Montréal. However, given how crowded it gets, I'd go on the Terrace in the summer or take it to go for the parc across the way. It was my first time so I had the La Classique with vegetalienne sauce. It is the only place I've been to that had a tasty vegetarian option let alone multiple options to try. Will surely come back to try others on my next trip to the city.
This place is like an all you can eat buffet, except its not at a set price. You have to pay for every thing you eat here, but the food options seem limitless and the food is delicious!!! They have all types of food to fit all types of eaters from vegetarians to carnivores.

They hand you a card when you walk into the restaurant. The card is used each time you order something from a food station.  It basically keeps track of everything you have ordered so that when you check out after eating, the cashier knows how much to charge you.  If you lose the card, the fee is $100 CAN.  So make sure not to lose the card!

I ordered a small caesar salad which was a very delicious salad! I also ordered a small bowl of food that I filled up with all sorts of veggies.  Again, the food here was delicious.  To round out the dinner, I grabbed a strawberry shortcake for dessert.  IT was absolutely delicious!  I think my dinner ended up being $15-$17--which I thought was expensive. Although this restaurant does not provide any actual service (other than taking your plates and trays away) they automatically charge 12% to the cost of your food as gratuity.  The staff was attentive though in taking away all our trays and plates.

Overall a good place with good food. Make sure to get here early before the rush so that you can find a table to sit at. We arrived around 630pm and the restaurant filled up quickly.
Love this place. Great pizza. Friendly staff. Always generous with their toppings. No too bad on price. Milk shakes good\/
Just another reason why I will never bank with chase.... so now you can't deposit any amount of cash without showing your id..... so much for just running to the bank quick.
Brent does a neat job. He know bikes very well. He is patient, social and conscientious, willing to explain even how to ride a bike in the right way or locking your bike without damaging the gear wires :-P Air and oil is free. I totally recommend you go to him for getting your bike fixed.
This is one of my favourite bars in Edinburgh. It was also probably one of the first ever bars I went to when coming over here for weekend visits before finally moving over. The atmosphere\/crowd reminds me of pubs I used to go to when I was in art college. It has a nice chilled out vibe and is totally unpretentious which I like. I like the quirkiness of the room with the bed and the movie screen, and the way people kick off their shoes to make themselves comfy on the bed. 

Great atmosphere\/great bar!
NOW $35 bucks a dozen??!!  That's 3 bucks a tamal!  They better be adding some truffles in those bad boys.  This place has definitely let the reviews go to their heads.  Their tamales are actually really good.  Great flavors, good portion, excellent masa but let's keep it real here folks.

A tamale consists of mostly masa which is very inexpensive and these bad boys are STUFFED with masa.  I understand making tamales is very labor intensive and making good tamales is an art but I am not hanging these on my walls and there is no shortage of tamale makers in AZ.

These owners are whipping that cash cow hard!  Good for them I suppose.  A sucker is born everyday right?   If you think these tamales are affordable you must either be filthy rich or have absolutely no clue on how much it costs to make a tamale.  

The Tamale Store certainly makes good tamales but after their 25% raise on already high price vs cost product I for one will not be back.
There are a few things that I have noticed about Portland's over the years. The first is that people who live in the Roosevelt Square probably can't afford to eat there very often. The second is that its location is a bit strange (no visible parking, the apartment gym on one side, a hippie coffee shop on the other). The last thing I've noticed is that it never seems to be busy. We went on a Friday night last year with a group of 11 or 12 and were seated within 15 minutes. Sure, they suffer because of the lightrail but I really just think it is a poor location.

Central Ave doesn't link to the freeway. Portland's is practically on top of the deck park tunnel which means anyone going to or getting off the freeway is going to miss it. There is a large gap between the north and south-bound sides of Central that also prevents North-bound drivers from seeing it. They are more likely to notice the Best Western (and its humble diner) than they are to spot Portland's. Apart from the Channel 12 news people who I see there on numerous occasions, my friends who live in Roosevelt Square never eat there. Sure this place will be buzzing when the lightrail stop directly across the street opens up, but until then, it is just sad.

Inside however, you will find a very elegant decor with plenty of that "mood lighting" that expensive restaurants use to mask the prices as well as the small portions of food you are receiving. The bar is very nice and well stocked with some of the best bar tenders this side of Mill Ave. The menu, with things like ostrich and a lasagna dish fail to make the grade. Everything is flavorless or over-complicated with drizzles and twigs\/trees\/lettuce\/parsley. You'd probably enjoy this place for a date but not as a regular dine-out destination.

It is worth a stop. Walk by on a First Fridays and check out the menu. If you don't see anything that appeals to you, you're not alone, but sit down at the bar and grab a glass of wine and enjoy the mood lighting.
Thank you AirCanada for screwing up our working week. Four flights taking off from Toronto to NY at the same time (2 to Laguardia and 2 to Newark) and they cancel ours only! "because of bad weather" was the excuse this time - I guess bad weather selects which planes it wants to affect. Hotel not paid for, little\/no effort to reallocate the passengers to other flights (other than have them call reservations and wait for 50min on the phone, to get a flight to NY on WEDNESDAY). Staff extremely rude, not helpful at all. Bitter, cynical as I would never expect Canadians to be. We'll have to fly tomorrow evening to Philadelphia, and from there get an overnight bus to be at the office in NY on Wednesday morning. Don't think we'll be coming back so soon.
I seriously can not believe I've been wasting my time\/money\/hair anywhere else.  This place is amazing.

I don't go to a stylist - I'm a man who relies on a strong jaw and deep, dreamy eyes for his presentation, not fancy hair perms. When I get up in the morning, I maybe have time to rub some wax through my hair before I'm driving cars and flexing muscles and being generally masculine and handsome, so I go to simple hair places where they can just cut my hair, and I can get on with my day.

My pet peeve is when I go to get my hair cut, and the hair cutter person asks me what I want, and then has a bunch of questions. I don't have time for that mess - just cut the hair! I don't care if you use clippers or scissors or a weed eater, just do the job and make me look good so I can get back to things. My experience at V's is just that - "How do you want your hair?" Just make it look good.  Boom - job's done.  But wait...

Finishing up the job with a straight razor shave on my neck, ears, and sideburns? Uhmm... yes please.  A quick trim of the eyebrows, a brief neck and shoulders massage, and a hot towel?  Awesome.  And I was in and out with no wait.

I'm not going anywhere else from now on.
I've eaten here a variety of times.  For a small corner joint it has great ambience, excellent food and best of all has been very consistent, every time we've come.

The pancetta and blue cheese burger is simply sensational, as is the homemade mac 'n cheese.  Yum!

Thanks for never disappointing us!
I did not know there was one in Vegas! I've been to a Wahoo's in Colorado! Last time I tried the shrimp tacos! Yummy!! Today I was in the mood for fish tacos. I ordered the two Cajun fish taco plate. I think I would have enjoyed it more if I had more limes! That's why I took off a star:( Rice and beans were not bad! Nothing to complain about there! Also reasonable prices! You can't beat that!! Staff were friendly! They weren't overwhelming or rushing me to place my order. 

Hope to be back soon to bring more people! :)
I stopped by Manifest Discs on my recent trip to Charlotte. The store is big, has DVD-s, CD-s, vinyl, collectible, fun to browse. It reminded us of Second Spin that used to be in Sherman Oaks, CA. The clerk that helped us told us they did have an association and some items in stock left over from Second Spin.

I would say they have a better DVD selection than CD-s, they have decent prices, some items on sale. Pretty well organized place, we got a few DVD-s in good condition and great places.

Great customer service, the guy that helped us was nice, recommended us other stores in the area and Pinky's to dine at (which we did), so thanks!
Big parking lot, right off the main road.

If you live in the area or visit love movies and music and have some time to browse and shop, Manifest is a fun place.
Very quaint location and decor! Just me on a Monday night. Sat upstairs at the bar and had a very nice experience with live music and a very friendly bartender.
I was referred to Dr. Webber after getting hit by a car while riding my bike. Great service, great staff and they are very professional. They made me feel like they genuinely cared about me as a patient. I was released today after spending three months in therapy, and I can most definitely recommend this clinic.
I am amazed that places like this still exist.  Excellent service and personal care is just the way they do it here.

Other businesses could use a lesson from Peoria Eye Care!
Guys, WTF?  Ate here because of the great reviews on yelp.  Ended up throwing away basically all of our food.  The meats were all chewy and grossly over-battered.  It was highly disgusting and mostly inedible.  I blame yelp for wasting my boyfriends $40 and calories on this crap.
Fun place for the family. Prices are high but this is Vegas, baby. Food is good. The "damn that's amazing" moments are with the milk shakes. They are ridiculously good in presentation and taste. We had the Dulce de Lecha. Wow! Service was good\/-polite but not terribly speedy. Get a Groupon to ease the pain of the cost.
Have had the pho and grilled vermicelli plates. The broth for the pho leaves one very thirsty which makes me believe that lots of msg is dumped in there. They give alot of meat and they're all too thick. The ratios of meat with noodle is just off. All in all, not my favorite bowl of PHO. The grilled chicken plate, the chicken again is too much. The pieces are just super thick and I felt the need to make sure they were well cooked. Because they were so thick, they were also not very tasty. I wouldn't go back. There's definitely much better viet food elsewhere.
Aida was so monotone and horribly rude. Rushed our order through and was annoyed. We weren't greeted at all. We walked in and moments later she came out of the bathroom and went behind the counter and said "what size and what bread".
I am from Champaign, raised there until the age of 20, when I escaped to Austin. I still go back every year for Christmas to visit family and friends, and when I do, Seven Saints is a must-hit place for food. And I get the same thing every single time.

The Triple S Combo Platter. One salmon slider. BLT salad (although I have also tried the Country Fried Chicken Salad... sounds weird but was really tasty). And the tomato basil soup. 

This is a trifecta of yumminess in my tumminess. 

There has only been once when the food all tasted kind of off, possibly a bad day. But every year, it always pleases me. And the bill isn't so bad. I don't really drink here, but have had a mojito that was alright, nothing special. 

I will continue frequenting this establishment for my yearly Christmas visiting. Please stay in business Seven Saints, otherwise I will be forced to make this food on my own and it won't be pretty.
Walked and drove by this place while it was being built when we lived here, very excited for the opening. We moved on before it opened. :( 
We are back for work and stopped by while walking the strip.
This did not disappoint.
The burgers have a nice char which give them the perfect crunch. Ooh you can add chips, now it's a double crunch. 
Bacon Crunch Burger. Well double crunch like I said and crisp bacon. Now it's triple crunch, booyah. 
Beef Brunch Burger. You can not control were the yolk flows, bushy beards beware. You take anything that is good and make it better with a runny yolk dripping over it. (OK I would not put an egg on my ribeye) 
Onion Rings are buttermilk battered and there is lots of pepper in the batter. This could be an award winning southern fried chicken batter.
The burger was perfectly seasoned, but you add the bacon and it was to salty for my wife and boarder line for me. If not for this it would be 5 stars.
A shout out to Angel, our host at the bar. Thanks for encouraging us to drink our water before we left. It's easy to dehydrate in this desert climate when your not drinking. Dehydration and drinking is an Oh Sh!t tomorrow morning.
Ive been here 3 times now and every one was a personal greeting and great experience (food, price, and atmosphere). Theres a lot of people that come during lunch, but it doesn't feel rushed.
These days a burger is a burger. There are so many good burgers where I live (San Diego) that I just don't get the hype around this brand. Maybe in New York they don't have many good burger options. 

The burgers are pretty small, but only cost $5-$7 or so. Over all the burgers were unremarkable. Like I said, there are many outstanding burger options out there now so you really have to go above and beyond to get my attention.
As far as DQ's go this one is pretty nifty.  Brand new facilities with a friendly staff means you can expect clean bathrooms, clean facilities, and awesome ice cream.  They staff is relatively young, so there's a certain space cadet-ness quality to the service, nonetheless, it gets the job done.
I went after looking for burgers on Yelp and then going on the website and they look like they closed down :( door locked lights off and a real estate lock on the door. Very disappointed.
Jack Black may be known for the "Get That Corn Outta My Face!" meme, where he slaps two ears on a stick from Esqualito's hands.  It was probably because Hector scored the offending vegetable from America's Taco Shop, which has an embarrassingly bad rendition of this barrio sensation.

I shall be known as the "Get That Corn Inta My Face!" guy, after ordering elote from the Joyride app offering.  I am the Albexican, and know good corn Mexican.  Yeah that rhymed, I do it all the timed!

Another win for the vegetarians comes in the Garden Variety Burrito, enchilada style... sawed in half, with competing red and green sauces covering each dismemberment.  Snicker's could never satisfy like this

Lil tip... when you order, say, a... pineapple auga fresca... drink it quickly.  If you let it sit, the ice will melt, and you'll end up with a watered down agua fresca... and your heart will be sad.

Finally, and potentially the most important aspect (depending on if you're actively on laxatives or not)... the bathroom scene.  Let's taco bout it.

There's three doors.  Choose wisely, don't doddle.

1. Guys & Gals (The most spacious of the three.  Like driving a Chevrolet Cordova)
2. Gals & Guys (This is the middle child... we'll call it Jan Brady)
3. Gals  (VERY CRAMPED... because gals get cramps?  I dunno...)
Awesome gyros, although a tad expensive. I've only been here for food breaks when studying late at Siebel. The single gyros are priced on the expensive side, but the double and triple gyros are much better deals and you can easily split them between friends. Definitely go for takeout because the restaurant itself is small and cramped. 3.5 stars
Wow, probably one of the best buffets that I've tried yet. A bit disappointed in the miniature little lobsters but they were pretty good too. I was picturing whole Maine lobster. Mmm. 

Generally, everything was good. I hear the oysters were gross though and that was spat out immediately after trying to consume it. The service was good - the server was very diligent in clearing the table when the bucket was full of shells or trash, plates cleared readily, and was on top of refilling our drinks with all of the appropriate amenities (plenty of lemon for ice tea or range of sugar and cream for coffee drinkers). I appreciated his quick notice of my 1\/2 cup of hot water that got luke warm and he quickly went and got me a new piping hot cup. :) I was a very content cookie. Speaking of dessert, the gelato (I tried the cookies and cream, pistachio, vanilla and I believe it was coffee, I couldn't tell) were not good. The mini souffle was cute, rich and pretty good. 

They didn't have KetelOne but had Grey Goose. 

Here's a tip! If you want lobster, you're not required to formally wait behind everyone who's waiting to fill their plate at the other stations. If it's clear, step on in to get your dibs on whatever it is you want. 

The selection is really good and the quality, depending on what you get is good.
I used to practice Bikram on a semi regular basis needless to say anyone who has been out of practice there is always a little anxiety when restarting any yoga practice but especially Bikram. So I dropped in on a class expecting more of a classical Bikram teaching, but I was told there where Bikram elements along with Flow. So I have taken a class at other "Hot Yoga" places that where Flow-like and never really enjoyed the practice. However I will say that I honestly LOVED this class and this studio. The teacher was phenomenal and she knew I was out of practice for a little while, she was great at guiding the class and going through the flows. The class itself was not super packed and the studio is beautiful and clean! Does not have that typical "funk" smell that you get with most "hot yoga" studios. I signed up for the new student 2 week deal which was like 20 bucks (so sweet). I have made it too another class so far and will definitely be getting back into practice. Namaste
This place is disgusting and very expensive. My bill came to over 100 bucks for three shitty drinks and two shitty meals. They outsource their veggie patties. Which seems crazy to me as a vegan place. Shouldn't you know what's going into your food? 

We ordered a Big Mac and a Philly Cheesesteak. I took a couple bites and couldn't even continue eating. We both felt really sick and bloated for the rest of the day. This food is so processed and unhealthy. We would have been better off eating at McDonalds... And it would have been a fraction of the price and less processed.
If you like it dirty, their dirty chai is da bomb. Didn't hang around long (because the service was so speedy) but it looked pretty chill. Will definitely return.
Sometimes the receptionist really takes her time to check you in, which makes me feel ignored as a customer. Although my first visit here was spectacular, after a couple more times I have to average out my rating to about 3.5 stars. The crampiness of the space actually does impact my experience - compared to Tips Nail Bar who has much much more space (only slightly more considering the services I receive). Other than that, the quality of the application was different depending on the tech (same nail polish brand). My first time lasted 3 weeks, no chip, and could have kept going. The second time started bubbling after a week and a couple days. It is a bit of inconsistency.
I was desperately looking for a good breakfast burrito on a Sunday morning, I started yelping on my phone and came across Carlito's. On Sundays they have 2 for 1 breakfast burritos which is so unheard of. I ordered the ham breakfast burrito with extra ham and a carne asada burrito. The ham was GREAT! This one on its own gets 4 stars! The carne asada however was an epic fail! With carne asada being a staple it is suppose to shine in its own way, and if you can't get it right in a burrito there is no hope LOL! This burrito gets a one star because of the taste and because I got food poisoning! 

I wouldn't come back here, these kind of places are a hit and mess and I haven't been overwhelmed with the few that I have tried but doesn't matter since I'm on my way out of this place!
Great way to end a Vegas weekend! We stopped into Mr. Mamas for Sunday breakfast. Thankfully it wasn't crowded yet.  The restaurant seems to fill up quickly. The service is great! You won't find yourself flagging down an employee here. :)
The omelets are big enough to share, it comes with potatoes and toast of your choice. Their French toast had a great fluffy texture. This is a great place to have breakfast without breaking the bank!!!
After eating at a monks before,  I thought the food was good but after this time - i would rate it even higher. 

I've thought of experimenting with their burger choices but made with the black bean burger patty instead [vegetarian] and was not disappointed.  The mushroom swiss was amazing. I also would like to give a nod to the fries which taste top notch.
Great place hidden in strip mall. 
Food is delicious, service is great and ambience is young and trendy. 
If you are looking for Sunday (or Saturday) brunch, this is the place to go. 
Bottomless mimosas: Check!
And you have to get the chilaquiles if they did not run out!
I went to Nail Affair with my daughter today.  I have to be honest, not impressed.   The girl that did my daughter's toes didn't put her shoes back on and just got up and walk away after painting her toes.  No thank, nothing.   Never even said a word during the entire pedicure (yes, she spoke English).  The girl I had barely gave me a foot massage and poured cuticle oil on my calves, rubbed it in a little and called it good.  We even got the Ultimate pedicure ($45).  Not worth it if you ask me.
I had to take the time to give this place the credit and thanks that it truly deserves. City Of The World puts on some great things and definitely helps to support the Local Artist in us all. I personally have been renting a spot monthly for First Friday from City Of The World and everyone that runs the Gallery is truly very friendly and wants to do what they can to help you further your opportunities.

One of the things I really like about this Gallery is that when you walk around it you see many many different types of art, its not just one artist and one medium. Not that individual showings are bad but I really enjoy the mix of pieces in the gallery. 

I would recommend taking the time to stop by the gallery and take a look around and to top it off, take a piece of the art on the walls home to help spice up your own place a bit all while helping out a local gallery and a local artist.
Zero stars - we watched as my car was stopped half way through wash and backed off of hard plastic. Caused a huge scratch on alloy rim. Door was opened in wash and floor was flooded. Tech said he was sorry but on-site manager said it wasn't their fault!!  Couldn't get money back because it was already processed and Owner wouldn't speak to me in the phone even though it was during business hours.

STAY AWAY - horrible customer service
We heard about this place from a PetsMart employee and have been taking our dog ever since. This place is great with all types of dogs and knows how to group them not only by size but by temperament. They have the group rooms inside as well has the play areas outside that they rotate the dogs in and out of. The fact that they spend so much time with the dogs as a group and as individuals is what keeps me coming back. I called just yesterday to check on my dog and the worker knew exactly who my dog was and everything he had\/hadn't done that day. It makes me feel good that they take a personal interest in the animals. Furthermore, the live streaming of the security footage allows me to make sure he is ok and check in on my baby whenever I would like. They have decent prices considering I pay about the same at other places for my puppy to just sit in a kennel all day with 2 10-minute walks scheduled in. I highly recommend this place to anyone that is going to leave their dog somewhere for more than a day. Its better than home!
Oh. My. God.
This is the greatest buffet in Vegas, hands down.  It's large, it has everything, the service is great, the pasta station is phenomenal, the desserts are ridiculously good....
And then there's the price.  It's comparable to other fine hotel buffets, but it still seems so expensive. 

Still loved it though, will go again, just not every time.
Worst hotel I've ever stayed at Vegas and will never stay here again. Came here for a conference for work. Check in to a room with NON-STOP construction noise. Called the front desk to complain about it. They just told us the noise will stop at 6pm and they couldn't switch the room for us. But the room is free for today and the construction noise will only continue 9 am-6pm  the next day. We could not stand the noise at all because we couldn't even heard each other even when yelling at the room or speaking on the phone) I wish I could upload a video of how ridiculously loud the noise level is), so I  came down stairs to DEMAND my room switched and waited in line for half and hour and was told okay to switch the room but I had to pulled my husband out from the medical conference because the room was reserved under his name. Caused so much necessary troubles to us. They should not even give out the room at the first place. The noise level is beyond tolerable. No apologies at all. Will definitely not stay here in the future.
I will be honest. I have been coming here for years, and it never disappoints. Even now when I live almost 500 miles away, I make an effort to eat here when I come back home.  I am slowly working my way through the menu, but it will take time because I keep going back for some items.  The salads are to die for, the curry fabulous, pho is well prepared, and I could go on for days.  I admit, the Vietnamese burrito with tofu will make any diehard carnivore reevaluate, and the hot pot is fantastic.  So try something fresh, tasty, and not your mother's ho hum run of the mill Chinese buffet. Go to Lang Van and see why every person I take there becomes a regular.
Seriously can't complain. Reasonably priced sandwiches that are hot and delicious in the middle of the strip, available 24\/7? Finally, something that is quick and affordable here. Fav sandwich for now is the roast beef and turkey, aka Full Montagu. What are you waiting for? Go to Earl's already.
This hotel is one of the best places to stay when your ever visiting the Goodyear, AZ area! It is literally your home away from home. 

The moment you walk in to the moment you leave you are treated with the utmost politeness. I've never been to a hotel as clean and crisp as this one. Smiles and hello's from all the staff from the front desk to the housekeeping staff. The rooms are spotless and have that laundry fresh clean scent, you know the smell when you are washing clothes all day and the air is filled the detergent you use that makes you feel refreshed. I love that clean smell! 

It's a smoke free building so none of those smelly smoking rooms are available. Thank God cause that stale smell is disgusting!! They have a computer room with one computer and they offer free wi-fi which I think is awesome! They also have a gym that has an Elliptical machine, cycle machine, treadmill and a lifting machine which I did utilize. They also offer washers and dryers for your personal use at a cost of $1.25 per load. They offer free breakfast from 630am to 930 am which I'm bummed out about because I didn't get the chance to check it out so I can't say what they offer food wise........sorry! 

I did get to appreciate the pool area which had a spot with plenty of towels for your use and a place to put used towels when you were done with them. It was 106 degrees out there yesterday so that pool came in handy. It was super clean and sparkling. Very refreshing! 

I also enjoyed the added comfort in the security of the hotel. You couldn't enter the building without having to put your room key into the door unless you were coming in from the front entrance. That made me feel very safe and secure, being that I had my 2yr old with me I needed to feel that sense of security. 

The location was perfect there were plenty of food places to eat and also a super walmart across the street. The room had a mini refrigerator and microwave so it made eating a bit cheaper on the budget. 

This hotel was a for sure A+++. I can't wait to stay again!!
Worst rental experience ever!!! They had nerve to rent me a car that smelled like someone was hotboxing marijuana. The insurance company booked me a full size car and they told me I couldn't get in anything better than a Chevy spark. Then lied and said no Hertz on the area had cars available. Good thing I knew better and drove to the Mccarran airport location and drove off in a clean new Camry.
From my initial visit, the day of my LASIK, to the followup, the entire staff was friendly and accommodating.  I drove over 2 hours to come to this facility because of their professionalism, expertise, and overal good care.  I'm very pleased with my results and experience.  Thank you!
Had a delicious experience here last night.  

I ordered the Chicken Mole entree dish and my partner ordered the enchiladas with mole sauce.  We both agreed that the mole was one of the best we've had north of the 49th.

Would love to have commented on the Margaritas but we're abstaining after the holidays.  We'll return for the mole and try the margaritas!
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Wow!  I had looked online for dozens of hours and looked at dozens of stores in Canada & the U.S. trying to find a beaded sash for my wedding dress.  I walked in without an appointment and described what I wanted.  Within minutes she had brought me exactly what I wanted (though, if you're trying on dresses --- you should make an appointment wherever you go, including here).

I loved Tima who helped me.  She was reassuring yet honest like you would want a good girlfriend to be!  Very nice since I was shopping alone.  Man!  Does she know her stuff.  I overheard her helping brides and some teens trying on dresses, so this reinforced that she gets exactly what customers of various age groups want.  Probably one of my fondest customer service memories of every sales person related to my wedding.

She was very respectful of my budget.  Every other store I went to sized me up the instant I walked in w\/ gimmicks like "oh that's a lovely ring" because they want to see how much I'm worth by examining the engagement ring.  She didn't play games and treated each customer with dignity.  

PRICE\/QUALITY
The sash price was very reasonable:  A few hundred dollars.  Meanwhile all of the beadwork I had seen at the pricey Avenue Road and Woodbridge\/Vaughan stores was done so poorly that I feared it would fall apart ---- and it cost anywhere from $500 - $1500.  C'mon!  Everywhere else I looked seemed to have beadwork that looked fine from a distance but was inconsistent or not tightly woven up close.  The beadwork here was exceptional; I was even able to take it off the sash and sew it directly on to my dress.  She helped me find an option that was sewn onto netting (mesh backing) so I could achieve this look.

AMBIANCE
It took me about 7 months to find this store.
It is NOT an impressive looking store when you see the small store window in this far-from-upscale mall.  Their front area does not seem to have a huge selection, either.  But do not let this fool you, they have tons of things they can pull for you.  Just come w\/ an idea or designer in mind.  

PARKING
Abundant, free mall parking. 

CROSS STREETS
Ellesmere Rd & Victoria Park

HANDICAP ACCESSIBLE?
Yes.  I didn't notice any steps in their store and the Parkway Mall has handicap accessible entrances.
Best buffet we have visited. Awesome selection of foods that I'd never order at a traditional restaurant. My hubby tried the frog legs and bone marrow. Great service as well!
Used to go there a lot a few years ago. About a year ago went back, I never thought it was great, but ok. 6 months later went again with family. This place has gotten so filthy! Menus are greasy covered with fingerprints. On the deck waitress forgot we were there. Ordered Philly cheesesteak sandwich which was inedible! Cubes of tough meat, I couldn't be chewed. And with a faint odor. Bread was hard on ends, I won't ever go back.
Ralph was super helpful, quick response to our initial email and then easy to deal with on the day with no hidden bs like most rental places.

Bike was pretty new and in excellent order.

Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a good price and great service.
My Band Hang Em High rented the recording space to lay down drum tracks here about a month ago and the experience was awesome. Professional equipment and service. We will be going back multiple more times to record our record. I would definitely recommend this place to any band who needs rehearsal or recording space at awesome prices.
Not impressed at all! The food quality was very poor, especially for the price. I don't plan on coming back here.
I don't understand why Lenny's doesn't have a 5 star rating . This location is a classic , always leave satisfied & full , one of the best burger joints in Phoenix in my opinion. Came here the other night for dinner with my family & tried their new chili cheese fries with pastrami (pretty sure it was like a secret menu item that people would create themselves) first of all their pastrami is to die for and then their chili cheese fries and are gift from the fry gods and putting it together should get a Nobel peace price
Once again Infinity saved me! Two days before closing on the sale of my house on a holiday weekend my system had a problem. Infinity came out within 2 hours of me calling, diagnosed the problem, and worked with my home warranty company to cover the repair. Justin and Cole were awesome. The best customer service of its kind I've ever had. I'm so impressed. Thanks guys!

Previous post Jan 2016:
I can't thank Richard and Cole enough for their great service. After two weeks of no heat and a home warranty nightmare I called Infinity for a diagnostic. Cole came out within an hour of my initial call, diagnosed it, and did the repair. It was a fraction of what I was expecting. He was awesome. Thank you, Infinity!!!
What exactly is an asian diner?  I think thats some kind of oxy moron if you ask me... my new arizona pal and natalie g recomended this place to me on our business trip.  I was surprised that a chain like this could have halfway decent food.  I probably wouldnt eat here again by choice but it wasn't bad at all.
Great food truck.....the fries are wonderful, the portions are huge & so filling.  Had the Buffalo Chicken style poutine, first time ever trying cheese curds.  It was delicious!  Hope I run into them again so I can try something else....so hard to choose with such a great menu & all it all sounds so good.
One of my favorite sushi places. The sushi is always fresh and presented nicely. You must try the grilled bbq shorts ribs, so delicious. We also love the flavored soju.
Had lunch here with my husband and I must say the best food in Charlotte hands down. We're Caribbean so we tend to look for flavor without adding anything extra. My husband ordered shrimp & grits and the red snapper. I ordered the catfish with masked potatoes and it reminded me of grandmothers cooking. I ordered a slice of key lime pound cake and fell in love. All of my childhood memories in one spot.
It's getting more expensive to get good quality pizza anymore, but this place is absolutely the best I've had and worth everything you spend! Grimaldi's works as a spot to bring a date, friends or family and anyone new to the joint will be extremely impressed with you for introducing them to the food. The staff at this location is especially friendly if they recognize you as a regular customer. No complaints here! I don't spend in the double digits for my own meal that often, so when I do I'd like it to be a place like this. There aren't too many locations around the country, so if you live near one or are traveling to the area, and are hungry for a high quality pie - I implore you to go!
On our way to Sedona, we stopped here to rest. Darian was awesome on the phone and gave us a discount. The room was clean and spacious. We were four adults, and we had plenty of room. The beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was big, clean and handicapped accessible. Free wifi. Their hot breakfast was really good, lots of choices. Many fast foods restaurants and a wal mart close by. Right next to the I10. Definitely recommend this hotel.
I have tried several nail shops all over Henderson in the past two years.  This is by far the best.  I have been three times have never been let down and the quality is amazing.   I no longer have to shop salons.  This one is the best.
The fact that these guys want to take one look at my my face and assume that I am intoxicated based on my eye shape pisses me off! It's my buddy's birthday and I can't celebrate it with him because the guy who says he's the manager on duty refused to follow basic protocol and give me a sobriety test is ridiculous, he simple told me to wait an hour with no explanation besides other than he said so. When I said I was in the same industry, and asked him why I wasn't allowed inside, he was unable to give me a clear answer, he brushed me off without providing a appropriate response, which is wrong. Other than that he didn't like my face. He also refused to give me his name which I find as a manager unacceptable. After eventually being allowed in the club with still no name from the manager I can't help but find this place to be somewhat profiling. Which in Vegas I find astounding. Even after being eventually allowed in after an extensive wait I found the club to be disappointing. It's really not worth the wait or the money. I really wish this place cared more about the guests other than the profit margin. Could be a great club, but even as I write this, I have some asshole saying I can't stand where I am and write this review. I always heard Vegas to be a much more enjoyable place than what I have experienced. Delano let me down incredibly.
I love Penn & Teller and I wasn't impressed at all with this show.  We paid full price and had great seats...but it just wasn't as engaging as i expected.  i did expect more of their banter than magic, so in that sense i wasn't surprised, just the overall performance was rank for what i am used to seeing from them.  I suggest you either wait until they have a half price special or pass on this one and buy a season of BullSh*t with the money instead.
There were a lot of talk about Earl is the hip place to go.  All I can say is EPIC FAIL.  

1) Service was slow and I mean S-L-O-W, took the waitress a good 9.5 min to just come by and say Hi.  Then her next words were 'I will be right back'...5 min later.  And it only took 30 min to make me a simple burger...ONLY.

2) The quality of food was horrible.  My meat wasn't cooked properly and the bread tasted like it was made 2 days ago.  McDonald's have done better on their worst day.

3) They tried to pass off corked wine as a 'new' bottle from a 'brand new' case.  When I asked to see the bottle the manager conveniently said they JUST dumped the whole bottle.  Now I have managed a restaurant and I know you don't dump the 'new' bottle of wine if it is bad, you go and get your money back from the supplier.

4) I see everyone already bashed on the deafening decibel level, so I won't go there anymore.  BUT IT WAS WAY TOO F***ING LOUD IN THERE.

5) My beer glass still had someone else's lip imprint on the it and it reeked of dirty week-old dishwashing water.

So let's summarize - bad service, bad food, bad drinks, bad atmosphere.  You are better off saving your money, go on block south to West 50 where the old Dick's were.  

ps: 6) WAY over priced for the crap they serve.  Shit on a stick tastes better.
They may be better dine in. My meal was delivered cold and the order was not correct. Kofta looked and tasted like preprocessed greasy breakfast sausages. Gyro was bland. Pizza might have been good if it was delivered hot. Dogs enjoyed the Kofta.
Great Sandwich shop, their employees are friendly and their sandwiches are great! I went with an Italian add turkey toasted and it was fantastic. Bonus is that their not priced badly, coming in better than mikes or subway
This is a big place, Love it.... Everyone was helpful and I love my Gel Nails.. Perfect location, clean and are open 7days a week. I would recommend this place
A bit pricey but we really enjoyed this self-guided tour. Interesting facts, quotes and personal stories. Each participant is given a card with the name and story of a passenger and at the end you find out if they were A lucky survivor. Morbid? Perhaps, but helps put the experience in perspective. If Titanic has always intrigued you, it is worth a visit.
Very friendly staff, even when they're busy. There's a good selection of draft beers, including a few from smaller breweries you might not see at a typical bar.

The menu is varied, but not too overwhelming. I had a burger and fries, which was actually a very juicy and tasty burger, but the fries were bland, and too skinny for my liking. They weren't bad, but not as crispy as I prefer for such thinly cut fries.

Overall, I would certainly come here again if I were in the area.
The food is simply amazing !!!! Great Mac and cheese ...watch out for the host at the counter at dinner though ...she's very abrupt..
I'll be back for the salmon dinner !
I spent the afternoon watching football games and eating the Sunday afternoon BBQ special - all you can eat from 3-7. Met with the manager, Woo and learned about the place. Great foot, tons of beers Local and national. They are very involved with the community. The food was above average and the beer selection was outstanding. For Scottsdale, $5. pint is very reasonable and $9, pitchers. Shea the server mentioned they have dog biscuits. I brought one home and my dog went nuts. He loved it. I will be back, this time with my dog!
Ate here for the first time today. Our waiter was extremely friendly and was helpful in guiding the menu. Food was good, nice and hot. I will be back again.
After 4 visit at Loco, 3 lunches, 1 late night drinks. I will not be returning. I ordered the same meal 
each visit and it was never served the same. I ordered the signature drink "The Smoking Skull", 3 times that also was never served or tasted the same. The last time was the worst and the bartender was just rude!
I just stopped by to get some bottled water and juice...and I ended up buying a grip of stuff for breakfast tomorrow.  I think they must have cleaned-up the place since the 1st person who reviewed it.  I stopped-in at about 10:30 P.M. and it was not too busy, well stocked and the guy at check-out was nice (and a sight for sore eyes may I add).  He even checked the 2 egg cartons I was purchasing to make sure they weren't broken.  AWWW!!!  I'm glad I found this Albertson's on the way to my time share!
The work is beautiful but the customer service is poor.  She brought her her own kids to our family shoot and it was a disaster.  That was entirely forgiveable had she not consistently made me feel bad for various things--that I was inquiring of sneak peeks 10 days after our shoot after said promise of 3 days, that I didn't inititate giving her my Groupon voucher number--she accused me of defrauding her because she has had that experience before, that I wanted to do the scheduled photo shoot after she suggested scoping out the site and approved it (it had rained crazily early that day).  It is also interesting to note that the 10\/17\/04 5-star review by Sarah M IS the photographer herself.
Just visited this place It was pretty good It wasn't the best but it wasn't the worst I would say its better then average So if you're having a chinese food crisis and its close to where you live i would give it shot I really like you can order everything online Thats why i tried it
There were some surprisingly cheap (relatively speaking) items in here! Also, some great sales going on (early December 2008). The staff was really nice and helpful.
Hanmoto is literally a hidden gem in the West end. There is no sign outside - to get inside, walk through the ironically open door inconspicuously located on Lakeview, behind Churchill Pub. The dimly-lit, grungy atmosphere is perfect for their yummy, experiential dishes - from Dynamo Wings (duck-stuffed chicken wings) to Miso Ice Cream (tastes like thick salted caramel gelato) to Hamachi Tartare (make your own mini-rolls). 

Four of us shared seven dishes and one dessert and left satisfied. The service is casual yet personal, and the price is quite reasonable (~$20 each) for a delicious and fun dinner experience.
Amazing landmark that is well taken care of. Awesome that they have tours for people. The views are great and stopping by is definitely recommended for anyone passing by.
Quoted 3 different room rates...
Get to room it's got to be on the noisiest part of the hotel, not the original pool view we were quoted, nor the second tower we were quoted, but the third and most dilapidated, Hallways from "The Shining " tower...The tub is rusted, the shower head is face height so I'm crouching to shower,  enough soap supplied for only  1 individual(booked the room for 3) .. And tub is clogged so I'm ankle deep in cloudy (ewwww) water and I'm paying an additional $20\/night... Their pet fees are like $60\/night too... Worst part? The front desk charged me an additional stack of cash -upon arrival everyone plays dumb-Was told I'd have a credit on my account.. Everybody still plays dumb. Then I'm told oh it'll go towards your fees (but my fees aren't $100)!? And no late check out.. For the roughly $200\/night I should've hit the strip for a MONDAY IN SEPTEMBER... You win this time nugget...Never again nugget.... Fool me once...
Dr. Steve and his team are great.  The atmosphere is friendly and open and the treatment I've received has been very effective.  I endorse their comprehensive wellness approach to staying healthy.  If you have any type of pain I highly recommend you visit the team at Kai-Zen.
We ate here for lunch.  The only option is the pre-fixe lunch for approximately $26 per person.  It's 3 courses with about three to four choices per course.  It's a fantastic deal. 

For appetizers, I had the Maryland crab cake which was scrumptious.  I also sampled the grilled octopus and the salad from my companions all of which tasted outstanding.

For entrees, I had the Mediterranean sea bream which was perfectly seasoned.  It had a light butter sauce to the side and was quite a large portion for me.  Others had the lobster pasta and the salmon.  All were terrific.  What I liked about the the dishes was that the fish were either wild or farmed with no hormones and no antibiotics.  Food safety is important and the quality of the ingredients where you dine should be just as important as how the meal tastes.

For dessert, there was cake with ice cream but I had the Greek yogurt.  I didn't have much because I was already so full from the rest of the meal.  

There is ample seating in the main dining room but if you can, opt for the patio area.  It's covered but you get fresh air and a little bit of sun not to mention a fantastic view of the strip.  Wow!
I'm not familiar with Tj Maxx... but it's like a Marshall's! They have some pretty high end stuff too, like Lucky Jeans and Juicy sunglasses. Anyway, I picked up a really cute Michael Kors tank and a cashmere sweater! If you're willing to take the time to sift through the stuff here, I'm sure you'd find lots of awesome things. It's sort of like a treasure hunt where you are always guaranteed something good! And what's awesome is there seems to be a larger selection for the smaller sizes. . .which is obviously good for me :P
One thing you want when purchasing a new property is a safe and efficient home. These folks were beyond fantastic in the home inspection process! Kevin Barboza, our inspector, was extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and thorough. Most important, he answered any questions we had as we learned about our new (and first) home. We really appreciated that Kevin told us what he was going to do, showed us what he was doing and then explained thoroughly his findings. At the end of the inspection, an electronic report was on its way to our email. So simple and easy!

Kevin's service does not end when the report is sent. Should you have any questions (and we did), he returns all phone calls at the end of the day after his inspections. Again great customer service. We would recommend them to anyone!
Best BBQ in central Illinois hands down. You'll come back until you've tried everything and keep coming back to get your favorites.  Seriously, there's something for everyone.
Located in the Flamingo Hotel Casino on The Las Vegas Strip. Ok so we are not talking the San Diego Zoo, but this is fun free attraction. The Flamingos seem to enjoy the attention, so why not indulge them. You can also take a break from the sun by taking a seat in the shade near the modest waterfall (Hey this is still a desert, what do you want?) Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Not impressed. Ordered this from Postmates. Possible that some of my displeasure could be due to delivery quality--some of the items look like someone threw them into the box. Unappetizing presentation.

But even so, the quality of the food and care with which it was prepared was lacking. Worst tacos al pastor I've ever had. The pork had little flavor, was disgustingly fatty, and the tortillas were torn and shredded. Also, no pineapple-y sauce or anything. Just some cilantro and onions. Very dry. 

Chicken enchiladas verde were unrecognizable in the sloppy mess of a box they arrived in. Good flavor for the chicken. But sloppy mess of lettuce and sour cream on top made it taste more like tortilla soup than an enchilada. And again, the tortillas were ripped. 

Next up the chicken tacos. Again, just a sloppy mess of lettuce and cheese and sour cream. 

Finally the guacamole. Nice and chunky and fresh. But absolutely no flavor. No zing. No salt. Just bland. 

Good homemade chips though. 

If the food showed up like this for carry out or at the table I'd be giving a 1. Giving some benefit of the doubt for delivery issues. But this establishment should figure out how to prepare its food for delivery if they continue to use a delivery service. Maybe items that make the food soggy should go on the side?  But also, its Mexican food and should have some flavor, right!?
Overpriced poser-ville. I can't tell you just how much I hate this hotel, and now Vegas in general. That may be the lens I'm seeing this hotel through because Vegas isn't the "Vegas" I remember anymore -at least in my eyes. It's obnoxiously expensive, gaudy, and the clientele here (and everywhere in this town) has become a walking spoof of Kardashian-like self absorbed airheads in ill fitting clothes and garish amounts of tattoos, and that's just the ladies. 

The reservation I made was for a balcony room but was suddenly unavailable once we checked in. Front desk attendant (Melissa) was rude and not accommodating in the least. I would've liked to know prior to my arrival because I would have stayed elsewhere.  Her attitude was too bad, so sad - give me your credit card. 

As far as the hotel goes - hang onto your wallet. Want breakfast for 2? $60+ tip. Lunch? $80+ tip. Dinner? $300 or so and this is even when ordering very modestly. Less than 20 years ago I could find deals galore on food and drinks. Now a round of drinks for two (domestic beer and a low end mixed drink) are $25 with tip. Want to get out to another hotel with your rental car? Many of the hotels now charge by the hour to park. That used to be a freebie to encourage crowds to come to your casino. Now each hotel parking lot is an ATM for them (as if their odds weren't already stacked) I had show tickets down the street at NY NY and they wanted $20 to $30 to let us self or valet park our car during a cirque du soleil show because guess what? T-Mobile arena rented ALL the garage spaces from NY NY. So guys like me get to walk a mile to park just to see the overpriced cirque du soleil show. 

In short - I hate this hotel, the employees, and now I even hate the city itself. So long sin city!  You won't get to gouge me again.
I'm lash-obsessed!! I get complimented a lot (by close friends who know this isn't how I was born), and I love the wake-up and go but feel made up thing! Alicia made me look dramatic while still natural - she's a total artist. It's low maintenance to look fabulous!
Sweet spot! Nobody at the bar but Jesus was quick to greet us. I like when a bartender shows the happy hour options. 

Beefeater tonic for $6 in Vegas is a steal. Apps for $6 3-7 steal. Greeted by 3 friendly faces on the way in so it most certainly made us want to stay. Bonus to us we checked in and got a free cocktail. Bam another reason to make this our dinner spot tonight.
We have been coming to starfire for a while now, the new chef in the restaurant has really turned this place around. Great quality food, good prices! The staff is always friendly and the course is amazing!
Pretty decent place. A lot of people like the banana cream pie but the cream isn't really my kind of thing. However, with all the chocolate dishes they have, you just might want some of that banana cream pie to offset all the chocolate, haha.

I'm gonna try their chocolate covered strawberry next time. I got the trio chocolcate mousse and the nutella bombe. They're very chocolatey so make sure you have some milk or lots of water or something.

It's my second time there and I do wanna head back down there (when I'm close to the area) to eat. I would like to try their croissant-wich among other stuff.

Will update in the future as needed :)!
Oh gosh.  SO GOOD.  I've never gotten something here that wasn't delicious.  If it were legal for me to marry the Original G buffalo wing po-boy, I probably would. Their Green Burger approximates the taste of a fast food burger, something I haven't had in probably 15 years, in a way I never thought possible.  The tsoynamis are the perfect treat for a hot day.

And EVERYTHING is vegan.  EVERYTHING.  It's so lovely to be able to walk into a restaurant and order anything on the menu instead of scanning it for the 2 or 3 things you can actually eat.

Come here, and bring your friends.  Tell everyone you know.
This is by far my favorite show on the strip. I've seen almost all of the cirque shows but I make sure to see this one 4-5 times\/year. It is spectacular! The venue is circular so, no matter where you sit, you'll always have a great view of the entire show. I recommend getting seats in the middle rows (from bottom to top) for the greatest experience.

Like most Cirque shows, all of the music is played live, along with the performance. The pool and the height of the venue are used to their fullest extent - even an amazing dive from so far up, you can't even see where the diver jumps from.

If you're wondering what show to see, this is the one you have to check out. Besides, it's in the Wynn\/Encore which is a great hotel\/casino. Wynn really pays attention to detail when building his monstrosities and you won't be disappointed.

Can't wait to see it again!
Brought the kids for a fun day and I'm so glad we had the coupons from the city pass book! They charge 20$ for 15 tokens and every game takes two or more tokens. Also, be warned that not all the arcade games will give you tickets and many of the arcade games will eat your tickets!! For the most part, all the kids had a great time and the staff was very friendly. We did the quest pass and really enjoyed bumper boats and go karting. I was disappointed  that both of the wifi connections were for staff use only. The facility is also very run down and dirty. The mini golf is riddled with mold and only four of the eight or nine bumper boats were operational. Most of the tables in the restaurant had leftover food and trash on them and were not cleaned for the entirety of the three hours we were there.
Checked out Therapy before seeing a comedy show on freemont. It is really nice inside, very modern looking. Our waitress was very nice. I ordered the Caesar salad with Chicken and the Crab and Artichoke Dip. The Salad was very good. The crab dip was pretty good. I think the artichokes were a little too big, but had grwat flavor and was really creamy. The chips were really good. My boyfriend got the Cuban and he really liked it. I would definitely go back and try this place again and would highly recommend it.
This is the old Metropolis. They were closed down for a while due to renovations and recently reopened. Thankfully, the atmosphere of the old place is still intact and hasn't become another generic corporate, cookie-cutter anaesthetized venue space, a fate which has fallen on some of Montreals older venues like the Spectrum and Club Soda. I have tons of warm, fuzzy memories of shows I've attended here over the years, Billy Idol, Interpol, Jamiroquai, Die Antwoord, Peter Murphy (with Nine Inch Nails as an opening act!), Moby, Simple Minds, Pet Shop Boys, Rollins Band,  and many others.
So when I came last night to watch The Pixies, I was a little apprehensive but thankfully the place is still the same, a little spruced up but not by much. The acoustics are still great and the crowd is still cool.
Dropped in from Cincinnati this morning. Awesome spot! The members were all very friendly and upbeat and got some helpful feedback on lifting form from the coach. He was welcoming from the second I walked in. Super easy to find. They also had a great wod programmed for the day. If you're in the area I would definitely recommend stopping in!
As with all chains, I prefer to review this Buca compared to other locations and have that weigh heavily on the rating.

The service here is slow. 

When I walked through the kitchen they seemed very confused and disorganized. 

The carpets are old, worn, and dirty. 

Restrooms are not terribly clean, and in need of a major update. 

The food is OK - cookie cutter to all Bucas.  Reasonably good. Too bad it took an hour for food to show up. 

"Only if you have to.
Dr. Khorsandi is amazing! I've visited VIP Plastic Surgery a few times now and I have never left disappointed. The atmosphere is relaxed, but always professional. The staff is enjoyable (and beautiful) and the Dr. Always gives alluring, natural results with injectables. 

Dr. Khorsandi will have me as a patient for many years to come!
Great quality steaks made fresh like the fact they put cheese wiz as well as provolone in the supreme Philly would go back
3 stars + .5 for xiao long bao

we came here for dinner last night . xiao long bao is AMAZING here . ive tried them at a couple of different places now and this is the best ive had so far . it has the most meat & soup in the dumpling AND its not scorching, tongue burning hot when it just comes out . just perfect :) so make sure you eat it right away when it comes out . mmm i can have 20 of these ! 

everything else we got (spicy peanut soup noodle, onion pancake, some porkbelly dish my bf ordered) they were okay . not bad, not excellent . we had some leftovers and im munching away on the onion pancake as i type . nomnomnom . heh :)
We've been living in the property of this real estate agency for about a month and it's been pretty good. The big things that needed to be fixed for the house (like the A\/C, the hot water heater exhaust pipe, ect...) always got fixed within a nice time frame. Our property manger responds to our concerns quickly AND WITH RESOLUTION! He's quite sufficient at his job. So, so far so good *thumbs up*
I was looking forward to a wonderful meal and unfortunately it turned out to be very disappointing. The ambience is beautiful and the service very attentive but the food was mediocre at best. Ordered Filet mignon that came with a vegetable medley and skinny fries. We both sent the veggies and fries back as they were both served to us cold!  The filet was good not great especially for the price and a bit too highly seasoned.
A huge disappointment.  A friend who works in the Arizona Center took us to 1130.  I ordered a "Black and Bleu Burger" medium.  Was told there's a choice of fries or slaw... asked if I could get both... told no.  ?? How hard would it be to arrange that?  The burger came... way overcooked... with a tiny smear (about the diameter of a fifty-cent piece) of what might have been blue cheese.  When our server finally appeared, she asked "How is everything?"... I told her what the problem was... she smiled and walked away, never having offered any solution to the problem.  I will say the iced tea was good.
The food was okay. My buddy and I each got an Italian cold cut and my other friend got a chicken Parmesan sandwich. We also ordered chicken soup and fries. If you do not have over 1 hour to spend on lunch for some for some sandwiches do NOT go here. It took forever to get our food. The kicker was a hair in my sandwich. I will NOT be back here again. They did not charge me for my sandwich that had the hair in it.
Probably one of my favorite Vegas buffets. The variety is endless and the presentation is on point to even calling it "cute" is appropriate. Great for portion control.

Just some FYI's for large parties. We were a party of 8. And in order to sit together, your group needs to pay together, gratuity and tax included. You cannot just go up to the counter and pay individually or split the group up and then collect all the tickets and ask for a table for your large group. There a specific seat section for large parties. They make sure you pay and charge you on the spot for gratuity. Seems a little higher than if you were to just leave 18% on the table. It was a big mess just doing that, but the lady wasn't getting impatient or what not. We were able to pay indivdually for the gratuity part.

The lady that assisted us at the table wasn't smiling very much, but she didn't give an attitude when we asked for this or that, so I appreciated that. The gentlemen at the dessert (gelato\/sorbet) section has a fun personality. You can tell he was enjoying his job. 

I'm not big on buffets because I feel the need to eat my money's worth, but I do love the varieties.
This is a great restaurant.  Their food is consistently reliable, I always have great food and been going here for years.  The interior and patio is always very casual. I always enjoy sitting on the patio.  One of my fav's is the fish taco's and chili relleno's. Honestly, everything is good and their specials are a must try.
This place is fantastic. The staff were super friendly and the food was amazing. You can tell that the quality of the food is very good. I ended up getting the beef shawarma pita and it was absolutely delicious. The portions were good and it definitely hit the spot. It's a very casual, and open space that also offers outdoor seating. I believe they're also dog friendly in the patio area cause I noticed they offered a dog water bowl. This place is definitely a must try.
Hmm I like the authentic feel of the setting and view of the Bellagio fountain, on the heated patio seals the deal.  I commented that it does remind me of Paris, so there you go.

Boar Ragu was EXCELLENT, so was the filet mignon.
Escargots very tiny and not the best i have ever had, but thats okay.  We can't all be winners.

Service slightly unattentive, but overall a successful trip to this spot.  Good for date night! :)
I've been to Moe's at Market Square several times.  I like the place and the food. They include chips and salsa with your order if you are dining in.  I like Moe's much more than Chipotle's, maybe because they have not been in the news for making people sick. Service has always been friendly. I will return.
Probably closer to 4.5 than 4.

Very good Turkish food.  Bread is VERY good. Not overly expensive.

Web site could stand to be updated with actual address\/location of the restaurant.
I have been here several times now so it's time I write a review. 

I LOVE this place!!!  Seriously!!  Ok, I know soda is bad for me weather is full on cane sugar or diet stuff, it's all bad.  We all have are vices right?  At least I limit myself to one per day.  I try to keep the addiction in check.  And I love variety.  I could easily get stuck in a rut with Pepsi, Coke, and Dr. Pepper but at Pop The Soda Shop that is impossible!

There are rows and rows of soda.  If you can imagine it, they probably have it.  It's amazing!  They even carry some types of water and energy drinks.  My favorite is the Root Beer isle.  They must have 50 types of root beer!!  I love trying different types of root beer and this is the place to go if you love the beer of root.  

They have Dr. Pepper in little bottles!!  YUM!  And Stewart's Key Lime soda which is the BOMB!  If you have not tried it, you must!  I also happen to be a fan of Cheer Wine and they've got plenty of that too.  Of course they have the "real" coke in glass bottles too.  An ice cold coke in a bottle is the best!  

If you just can't wait to try something they have just about everything cold in the cases in the back.  And if ya go on a hot day, that is a must.
The staff are knowledgeable and very helpful.  I have bought cases and they have happily put them in my care for me.  

I would rather give my hard earned dollars to a locally owend and operated store than a big box store when I have a choice.  So go and stock up on your soda here!  It's worth the trip wherever you are.
Got all 4 of my wisdom teeth - 2 of which that were horizontally impacted - taken out within roughly 30 minutes. I was quite nervous before the operation but Dr. Tocchio and staff were all very friendly and made feel a lot more comfortable before being sedated. Would definitely recommend this place if you need to get wisdom teeth removed.
The new menu is really awesome. It offers many new combinations that are really good. The Guaca Chicken, one of my favorites, is now on this menu and not just on the specials menu. Great move.
This salon is amazing!! Gavin always does my hair and I have followed him from Chandler. His colors are to die for! Kathy did all my waxing yesterday and my eyebrows have never looked so amazing! My 20 year old daughter goes here too. Very friendly fun atmosphere!! Super clean salon! I couldn't imagine going anywhere else. I would give them 19 stars if I could!!!
Popcorn is my favorite thing in the world. I should give them 4 stars--only because they confuse me so much with all the choices!
They have a flavor for everyone (a flavor not for me is the vanilla almond--yuck). I love the simple ones like cheddar or caramel and the special ones like thin mint or peanut butter cup. The prices are reasonable but the special flavors cost more. I love this place and the employees seem to always be happy to be there!
All very average. Been three times now, last two times were very average, leaving at three stars based on decent first visit.
We came here for Brunch on a Saturday with a rather large party.  When I looked at the menu I didn't see anything that stood out.  It featured typical salads, sandwiches etc...I ordered the Chicken Panini and It was probably the best damn sandwich I have ever had! Everything was extremely fresh and had a sassy flair to it.
The wait staff were extremely attentive and even offered to take pictures of all of us!
Haven't been here in about a year but stopped in the other night to watch some college basketball at the bar. It was 5:30 pm, which means it was happy hour which got me $4 drafts (any) and $6 appetizers. The bartenders were friendly and continued to check on me and other guests constantly to make sure we were good on food and drink. They also try to learn everyone's name and make conversation with them. When 6 pm rolled around they changed channels for me no problem and I was able to watch my Big Ten games. The bar area got crowded by 6 or 7 pm but food and beer continued to flow uninterrupted. Will have to visit this location more often this year. Didn't remember TGIF being so popular or efficient
The best cirque show I've ever seen. I've seen mystere and zarkana in LV and two in NY. The set is very detailed and amazing! The stage can rotate and transform to a backdrop. They have an age limit if 5 if you want to bring your little ones. They do question them at the door. 
The soundtrack is beautiful too. I definitely recommend this to everyone. They merge technology and art in the most mind blowing ways.
New menu does not tickle my fancy. No more cuban sushi roll. Boo hoo.
Friday night out with my date and we decided to come here! Great choice of appetizer and main course! We decided to try the Mucho Nachos with beef and Chicken Dippers. Wow the presentation was really great. We had an amazing time and the service impeccable! Thanks guys
A great place to choose any type of seafood! They'll even gut, cut and filet any fish of your choice. Try their chipotle crabs. They'll also fry your seafood for $1 per pound. For regular fried fish. It's not a sit down and dine place so you'd have to eat it at home. Also they have a great selection of seasoning.
Really awesome hidden gem located right off the strip. Best dive bar in the city where the drinks are strong and the vibes are good. Upon entering the dimly lit  room, you feel like you are in a whole other world. The souvenir tiki glasses are worth the extra price, they look rad and are definitely conversation pieces. Be aware that when you look at the menu the skulls tell the potency of the drink, they usually start with 3 being weaker and 5 being the strongest. I did not know that and wound up ordering 4's and 5's and had to call the cab! Well worth it though!
I have to start out by saying I was raised in a 3rd generation  Italian household and that some in my extended family spoke only Italian. Further, I, myself, can cook very good Italian food based on my exposure to my family.

My wife and I went to Anzios  mainly because we've driven past it a number of times, we had a credit with Groupon and wanted eat out.

Eggplant Parmigiana - Eggplant was cut to thick and slightly undercooked. The pasta was cooked well but the sauce lacked any direction.

Side salad - basically a small potion of lettuces and shaved carrots on a plate.

Meatball Hero - Sauce was bland. Meatballs were small, tasted like meat and bread crumbs, were heavy and lacked any real flavor. While the sauce on the meatball hero was different than the eggplant parmigiana it too was bland and lacked direction.

Because of my history with Italian food I deliberately avoid "Italian" restaurants and if I do go to one I set my expectations pretty low. While the food was fair I don't think I will be going back to Anzios.
Went in with my husband for a quick date night, everything was just kind of okay... until I got the key lime pie for desert... it was hot on the outside and frozen in the center.  Our waiter came back and asked how everything was and I told him the texture and temperature of my key lime pie was unsatisfactory to which he replied "oh yeah, they're frozen, they put them in the microwave to defrost sometimes " I paid full price for my meal with an inedible desert. I'm appalled at the way your wait staff just brush off microwaving food, if I wanted to eat a  microwaved key lime pie, I sure as heck wouldn't be at a red lobster trying to have dinner with my husband. It's a shame. I haven't eaten at a red lobster since approximately 2009 and had a terrible experience then, I hoped they would've changed. Apparently not.
Mashawi is so underrated It makes me sad. Amazing shawarma sandwiches. Their hummus is worth buying a large and bringing home leftover (way better than buying a sabra hummus from store). Also, I know it sounds random but I think they have the best fries on campus. Overall, mashawi grill satisfies me every single time.
This is the worst gym I've ever been to. Don't go here. Don't sign up here. Avoid this place at all costs. When you first walk in, it looks alright. Nothing special, but hey, for $30 per month it's fine, right? Then once you start going you realize it's most definitely NOT worth $30. Why is this a bad gym? Let me count the ways.

1. It's dirty. Does it ever get cleaned? It's possible, but I've never seen it. Not the bathrooms necessarily, those seem to be cleaned pretty regularly, but the gym floor itself I don't think is ever cleaned.
2. The staff. They don't leave the front desk for any reason ever. Not to organize the weights once in a while, not to clean the floor, wipe down machines, replace paper towels, nothing. There is anywhere from 1-4 people at the front desk, none of them ever doing anything that I can see. They aren't very friendly and sometimes are outright rude.
3. If something breaks, it stays broken, for good. When I started there was two stair climbers, one of which had a out of service sign on it. No big deal... except that three months later it still had the sign on it. I asked the guy at the desk when it would be fixed. His reply was "they had to send it away." So of course I asked "when are they sending it away," to which he replied that he had no idea. Three months after that it was finally fixed. Then in the mens locker room... There are three showers, three sinks, three urinals and two stalls. At this time one sink is broken, one stall is broken, one urinal is broken, and one shower is broken, some of them for many months. I think there has been only one functioning stall for at least six months. 
4. During the flood in toronto area early July, a lot of businesses had problems with water damage, XCel was one of them. They had to tear out the floors, cancel all classes, cut back the hours significantly, close the womens studio, close the boxing studio, remove all the drywall from about four feet on the wall and down. It was a big deal, and of course given the situation I completely understood they needed time to renovate and fix things up. Well over two months later... the only thing that's been fixed is the drywall. There are still no classes and the gym is still running on reduced hours. The place is still a mess.

So that's pretty big stuff. But the devil is in the details! Here are some more:
5. Nobody puts their weights away. EVER. That goes for dumbbells, plates, everything. I've seen guys do lateral raises with dumbbells, drop the dumbbells after their last set, and simply walk away, leaving them in the middle of the floor. 
6. The dumbbell racks are a nightmare. Not only are they not in any sort of order, but weights aren't even paired together. You spend half your time trying to find matching weights. 
7. About half the dumbbells are the older style with small plates actually bolted onto steel handles. No big deal- lots of gyms have them and they work just fine. Except about half of Xcel's don't have labels so you are guessing at what the weight actually is. And about half of them have the bolts loose on the end, so you're kind of always wondering if the plates are going to drop onto your face while you're doing dumbbell presses.
8. None of the collars fit the bars. Not sure why they are even there.
9. The dumbbells go up to 100... then jump to 120 and that's it. If you need something in the middle you're out of luck.
10. Even before the flood it poured through the ceiling every time it rained. There would be buckets all over the place to catch the drips, and usually it didn't work.
11. There aren't enough pins for all the weight stacks. So it happens where you want to use a cable exercise and there is a free cable... but you can't use it because there aren't enough pins. 
12. The inner ring on a lot of the weight plates is rusted. Makes it hard to put them on or take them off. 
13. There are two crossover towers where you can do cable crossovers among other things. Yet they have only 3 handles. Makes no sense. 

I could talk about what's wrong with this gym all day. It's simple though... JUST DO NOT GO HERE.
I still can't really like this place.  It was my second visit here, I went once before I lived in Sevilla and once after returning.  The place is cute with it's family style tables and very tight seating.  The service was okay, attentive at times, yet forgetful.  I feel like it's hit and miss.  We ordered three tapas and sangria.  The fire roasted vegetables were good.  I loved the eggplant!  So close to the way my senora used to make it.  The grilled chicken with romesco sauce was just okay.  I loved the sauce, but the chicken was a little too burnt for my liking.
The real reason this place gets 3 stars is because of the jamon serrano and manchego.  The jamon serrano was chopped up, which is definitely a huge no-no is Spain.  You want the long strips of serrano ham to wrap around the cheese.  The manchego was warm and oily, and that was kind of a turn off as well.  Although the marcona almonds were a nice surprise.  I missed those.
Overall, an okay experience, but the serrano ham was a total let down.
Super delicious food and nice hardworking staff. Definitely recommend it to all ages.
I visit Mesa AZ two or three times a year.  My sister and her family take me to Mexican restaurants all over the valley...this is my favorite.  Great service.  Wonderful chips and salsa.  We all love the entrees...faitas...tacos etc.  Good margaritas.  This is my favorite!
These guys were great & on time, even a little early. I just had one couch I needed moved, I called on Tuesday, and had the couch in my new place on Wednesday at 9:30am. They were careful with my couch, and no damage whatsoever. The price was a little high ($158), but I mean my couch almost cost $2,000 so well worth it to keep it's condition. I'd use them again!
Outstanding! Best burger in the East Valley! Server (Byron) was one of the best servers I've experienced anywhere.  Food was delicious and well prepared.
Great customer service and wonderful people in the front office! They did a great job in fixing my car for me. Certainly reliable and their expertise and experience shows through their work. I highly recommend their services especially for people who aren't knowledgeable about car repairs.
It's been a while since I write!  I went there for my 24th birthday celebration with my girlfriends two weeks ago. They've offered the winterlicious menu prix. So far, I remembered what I've ordered:

- salad with calamari *perfect*
- salmon with vegetable  *the salmon is a little too dry but overall is good.*
- creme brûlée *a little too much sweet*
 
Three meal menu was for only $25 plus a 8 oz red wine. This is a good price but Winterlicious special has been only limited edition for a short time. 

In the end of the day, the boss gave us a business card and wrote it "15% off next visit" which is pretty cool. I think I'll come back again with the discount card.   

The only reason I gave it 4 stars because of the winterlicious, and the service is good.
I'm really pleased with my experience with All About Blinds and Shutters. Larry came out and measured the windows very timely and showed me samples. He also provided expert insights, and since I don't purchase products like these often, I appreciate that. 
My blinds were a bit late in coming, but Kandace followed up daily with me until my shutters arrived from the manufacturer and were installed. They are wonderful - just what I wanted (plantation shutters). Great quality, great looking, installed by a very professional installer who also did a great job. 
My only negative comment is that the shutters have a bit of a chemical\/paint smell to them that hasn't abated as much or as quickly as I would have liked. Of course, now that I can open the windows since we're past the heat of summer, I am hopeful that this will clear up soon. 
I highly recommend calling All About Blinds and Shutters if you are looking for this type of product.
You don't think you can do so much with foam darts but WOW this is exhilarating and amazingly fun
Great food and atmosphere. Had lunch there on a Friday afternoon. Parking is a bit of a challenge. Had the pork pita which had onions, bell peppers, and pepper jack cheese...awesome...

The burgers are good too! The service was excellent.
I own a photography studio and the previous owner used out of state vendors for framing.  My business is 100% locals so I wanted to give back to my community.  Marcia is a small business owner like myself but she has years of experience.   I presented Marcia with what I needed and she presented me with many different options.   No matter what your framing needs are she can handle it.  Not just fast but quality, variety and with excellent customer service.
Great sidewalk cafe breakfast & lunch foods, such as; awesome salads, hot & cold sandwiches, and nice small breakfast menu.
This review is based on mail ordering their food. I'm originally from Chicago, now live down south, and you can't get any authentic polish food here (as far as I know).  Have ordered their kraut\/mushroom pierogi, which are delicious; only wish they were bigger (about the size of a pizza roll).  Their kishka is wonderful and very authentic.  Tried stuffed cabbage, which was very good, but have made better myself.  Just recently ordered Bigos, or Hunter's stew.  Hasn't arrived yet, but looks and sounds delicious.
I hate to do this on Christmas Day. Unbelievable placed a pick up order and came home to the worst food ever. I can't believe this was once our favorite spot to go to. We have been going here less and less since the quality and service just keeps going down. 

I spoke to the manager who asked that we bring our food back so they can remake it. It's Christmas Day I don't want to drive back there to bring our food back to wait again to remake it. 

This place was amazing at one point please do what you where doing before and get it back up there!!!
I have to be honest.  I didn't get my car washed here today, but the negative experience left me with little choice but to warn all other Yelpers.  

I intended to use a 50% off coupon from the entertainment book.  I opted for the most expensive full service wash available at $29.99. 

Literally, within seconds, I got the hardcore upsell for steam cleaning my mats.  I said I knew they were dirty, and I was fine with just a thorough vacuuming.  He then said that since I didn't want to purchase the upgraded service that I would have to pay a $24.99 surcharge for the dirty condition of my vehicle.  Yes, my car needed a wash.  Incidentally, that is why I went to a car wash.  Funny how that works.

My car was not 4-wheeling with mud caked on the side.  It was a little dirty.  He said that parts of the interior appeared a little sticky and that was going to require a $24.99 surcharge.  I promptly left in disbelief that they tried the double shakedown - first the steam cleaning, then the attempted surcharge.

I went to a competitor minutes later for a $17 wash (full price) that included the same level of service as their $29.99 service.  No hassle, no shakedown, no surcharge.

When you see a 2-star review average, it's usually for a very good reason.
Not one to normally criticize but this place is highly over rated. First of all our waiter was terrible and the food was so so . We gave our waiter our order, which he never wrote down, he asked first for our drink order which he got totally wrong . He then brought me a Sangria which was all ice. After 30 minutes I finished the drink and my glass was still 2\/3 rd's ice on a hot day. Our food was under flavored, after we had to repeat our order to him, my wife had the quesadilla's and I the chipotle chicken with noodles. The prices were high for what you receive. We will never return.
Sisig and Rice. Awesome. I can't wait to taste what else Tom and Andrew are cooking up. If its comparable to this, im sold! I built the foundation for this place, I deserve a good meal when I step through the door! Its readily available twice a week (Monday and Thursday 5-8) prices are definitely affordable. Drinks are smooth and taste like they should. Ill definitely be back.
Let me start by saying I love Carls jr, the food taste great, but what happened today was absolutely unacceptable. I pulled up to this locations drive thru and was told by the girl that it would be awhile with no explanation. i waited in line for 13 minutes before anyone even asked to take my order. I then decided to back out and leave (forcing the other 3 cars in line to back out as well). Do better carls jr
Pretty quick service for the airport, staff is super happy and friendly. Definitely not a hassle for this $5 burger!
Scott is a as fabulous as they come.  He has help my entire family out with their aches and pains.  I would recommend highly him .  Kim his office manager is another story.  Be really careful what you say to her and put everything in writing.    We were told that it is best to pay cash for all of our visits which we did however she decided that since we filled out all the paperwork with insurance that she would double dip. There is other words for this  "Fraud"  so now she is trying to scam us out of money.  She told us that she made a mistake but is not going to do anything about it.  Thank God for lawyers.
I absolutely loved Street's space; so bright, airy, and hints of the old houses character. Service was kind, but also seemed a little unsure of how to make certain drinks. When I ordered, I was essentially told that I would have to add the ingredients that I wanted, myself. Sure, this is not a big deal! But I am purchasing a coffee outside of my home, so that I can be lazy and have it made for me in a fancy way, and fashioned in a way I wouldn't otherwise do on my own. Nevertheless, I would return to hang out at Street.
Horrible wait time, their app is crap. Made an appointment for 2:00 and was kept waiting for an hour before deciding to leave. My visit before that they took a walk in before me even though I had an appointment.  Never going back
This place is a hidden gem in Mesa.  It has a very homie feel, it is a family oriented place and the service is definitely on fleek(meaning they have fast service). Back yard Tacos definitely are one of those mom and pop shops or hole in the wall kind of places. This spot should be on the top 10 go to places for, Taco Tuesday's or any other day for Mexican food\/BBQ.
No frills, create your own Japanese place with fresh, very good food.   We stopped in for a quick dinner and enjoyed the rice bowl with veggies, tofu and a really tasty spicy sauce.  The ramen was served warm with chicken and veggies. The broth was savory with just the right texture noodles.  The atmosphere is modern and clean.  I wish the menu had more pics because I wasn't sure what the Roll version might be as far as size and build.  Offering more drinks than a soda fountain would be nice too.
This location by far has the best customer service. Like all Starbucks they offer the same great products but this location has service with a smile down pat. It is a smaller location in the corner of the mall near the exit that stays busy. The system they have and the amount of staff they have on hand the wait time quick.
Good food but not deserving a five star. Lacking good Atmosphere and better service. I had dinner last Saturday and I would say it is not a repeat
Tip one..never go to this place after eating at a buffet, especially if you ate a crapload of cold cuts and sliced italian meats. For those of you who have been to this cool exhibit, you know what i mean. For you noobs, just take my advice and you will much happier. I recognized Uncle Chen and Auntie Wong from the displays..just kidding. I already knew the specimens used for the dispays were bought from China, but I didnt find it offensive at all. If you want to see all the organs and muscles, and veins, and more that is inside your fat body, then you will be very pleased. My favorite displays were the blood circulation displays in which they take body parts, melt away all the meat and you literally left with only the veins and nerves. It was awe inspiring how science can accomplish these feats nowadays. Def buy tix for this place from TKTS.  Much cheaper, and it's always available.
I had high expectations of the food and service.

I went to the bathroom before the server came, and she never greeted me personally, just my guest.

Then, she didn't come back until we finished our third course. Somebody else took our order.

All we had to drink was water with lemon.
The water is a pitcher on the table,  and we waited ten minutes to have it refilled, and had to ask a second time. Then the staff finds the need to top off our glasses when they seldom pass by. 
 Either do it all the time and pay attention, or not at all; at a $60+ per person restaurant, this quality of service is expected.

The food was delicious, aside from: the server asked how he wanted the salmon cooked, and we requested med-rare. Yet it came out medium, more well done than we asked.

To eat we had:
"Small Bites"
Chickpee & eggplant
Tuna tartare

The chef sent out two fried Gruyere balls as an amuse.

French onion soup
Cesar salad with pesto 

Scallops (3 for $33)
Salmon filet ($30)

Dessert was chocolate hazelnut mousse. 

None of the managers stopped to ask us how anything was.

The food was 5\/5, but service a 2\/5. 

The runners were good and explained the dishes as they served them. The dishes were cleared timely.

This restaurant is nothing more than DB's name and food. I couldn't imagine his standards of service are this low.
Based on Yelp decided to go here. Awesome experience. They did the best job and really take care of the customer. Completely satisfied and will be bringing a second vehicle here soon for certain. I called and they did not have an appointment for a week originally. They ended up fitting me in to the schedule early even going into Memorial day weekend. They go above and beyond for each customer.
how could you screw up a fried fish platter? very easily at the CH in vegas!
every thing was over salted and the breadding was was soggy like it came off the bottom... it was gross ! Sorry CH just had to pay for cadada. it's lucky that 18% included on the bill. the best thing is the lava cake.
I have used this company on many occasions and find them to be efficient, professional and would highly recommend them to anyone.
Great Japanese restaurant in the Bloor and Church area. Been coming here since the first opened years ago.

Food has always been good and fresh. However, if you are here for lunch, it will take an hour and make sure you come a few minutes earlier otherwise it may be a long wait as it is small inside!
Save your time and money. Very unimpressed with the unprofessionalism shown by one of your male staff members.  We will never be returning to this establishment after quite honestly one of the worst customer service expieriences I have ever encountered (short haired curly dirty blonde and heavy set male with glasses).  We will not be returning. Absolute waste of money and time.
We got tacos de pastores, California burrito and burritos!  It's delicious and the meats r tender.  The place is clean and the workers are friendly.  
I would def come back here.
Fresh sushi!  We went here for first time and definitely will not be the last time.  The prices are reasonable and the sushi are good.  We also order lychee sake and it tasted really good.  The restaurant is about 15 mins drive from the strip and the inside of the restaurant is clean.  The waitresses are friendly and they checked up on us a few times.
Waiter was MIA.  Finally got a glass of water, food was dropped off over cooked and fair at best.  No refills, no checking to see if I needed anything or how was meal.  Never even got check.  Waiting game with no results.  Had to leave cash and go.
Professional and prompt. Couldn't have asked for a better service. The project management.  Well really john was the most valued employe.  Thanks john
My boyfriend and myself ordered hangry burger to- ago and it was so tasty!!

I ordered the vegetarian burger and it was so good. I just didn't like that they put so much saucesssss on it I had sauces falling from the burger and made it a bit messy to eat when I got back home. 

my boyfriend customized his burger he said it was absolutely amazing! He said the beef is cooked perfectly and it was nice and juicy and fresh. 

This burger joint is definitely one to hit up after the clubs or if you're just craving a burger one day.
Dropped in for a drink while touring through the city and my boyfriend found his favorite drink of all time. It was whiskey, lemon juice and maple syrup, I think it was called a Canuck. I opted for a traditional old fashioned and it was perfectly hand crafted. Next time we visit I think we'll drop in for dinner!
Very nice to stay. Rates were excellent. 
Great value for the money. Not too far from the Las Vegas Strip.
About a year & a half ago, I went to a jewelry store (don't remember the name) that was located around 20th Street and Camelback, because they touted themselves as being the best for buying gold. Long story short, I was not impressed, starting with the very unfriendly owner, and I sold nothing. 

Recently I thought about selling my jewelry again, and decided to give Christopher Diamonds jewelry store a try. They are located next to Einstein's on the north side of Chandler Blvd, just east of Price\/101.They are close to my home, and I have passed by them many times. I am so glad I went there! 

ALEX WAS AWESOME! He was SO nice, SO polite, MORE THAN FAIR, and had  EXCEPTIONAL customer service (which seems to be disappearing these days). He wasn't just being nice because he had to, (you can tell those people that have to force a smile because it's their job); you could tell he was genuinely nice. I can't say enough nice things about him! 

Any jewelry buying or fixing, or selling any more gold, will only be done at Christopher Diamonds from now on!

Even if you have to drive a bit, it's worth it. And, if you do go, ask for Alex!
I've been here a couple of times with my dad for dinner. This place serves pretty good dish. I didn't quite like the fried pork dish. I can never tell if I'm eating fat or meat. Other dishes aren't bad.
I normally really enjoy BWW. The food is always great at this location. I normally have good customer service and my food always comes out hot and fresh. I came in tonight around 8pm. My boyfriend and I had a couple beers which were cold and delicious. The bartenders were two friendly women who were very attentive. They weren't annoying or anything. The food came out very fast. We order a medium sized boneless wings and cheese curds. YUMMY! With all of this I had to give it 3 stars based off who we assumed to be the manager. She was wearing a grey polo and found out her name, Sarah. She was EXTREMELY annoying. We sat at the bar so we were expecting angry fans watching the Colts and Panthers game. This manager on the other hand was the lousiest person at the bar. Yelling at the tv and throwing the bar napkins. I don't know if she was drunk or what but it was VERY unprofessional. At the end of the football game when the panthers won, she threw the napkins up in the air. She walked over to the girl behind the bar and told her to clean it up and blamed it on the customer. SO RUDE. I don't know why she is the manager or whatever because she is ruining business. She ruined the entire experience. We even talked to the guy next to us at the bar and he was upset by her as well. This is a great location and it would be a shame to see it go down hill because they keep a bad manager around.
I love this place the atmosphere, the food, the service everything is always on par.  From looking at the photos from previous years it looks like they updated from a diner feel to a hipster coffee\/ brewery type feel. I love the open kitchen design, you can see your foods being made fresh. Despite the design it doesn't smell like a diner so you don't leave needing to change your cloths. The service has a laid back and friendly feel but is always pretty speedy.  Sometimes we sit at that bar and that's always really nice and kind of fun too.  We love that this place is local and supports other local businesses.  The food? Always amazing. Healthy and more indulgent options to satisfy everyone. Plus there are a lot of create your own options to satisfy even the pickiest eater. My current fave is the farmers market omelet, the hubby loves the 3 dollar plate of bacon. Definitely stop here if your out in awatukee!
This was my first time trying the place and it was actually pretty good. When I went it was around 3 on a Wednesday and it wasn't very busy. I ordered the (pizza) and my girlfriend ordered the (pizza) and we split the bruschetta. The bruschetta was pretty good but they packed it with too much tomato which overpowered the general taste. The pizza had perfect flavour and was the perfect balance between crunchy and soft. We ordered the Zeppole for dessert which takes longer than the other menu items but it's worth the wait. The service and wait staff was 10\/10 and worth an extra star. They are very attentive and friendly. I would come back if I was in the area an craving Italian.
Hands down, the most OVER-RATED restaurant in the Las Vegas valley. Burgers are completely average. Flavor: 3\/5, but Quality: 2\/5 and Price 0\/5. (I love Burgers will give you far more bang for your buck. And you won't have to wait an hour or get crap service.) TRUFFLE FRIES!?!?!? Embarrassing. Anyone who's actually tasted truffle oil will be tragically disappointed. Shoku Ramenya: taste like it's from a foodcart. Again, this would be ok if you also got foodcart service and price. Don't waste your time or money, there are so many truly great spots around town to try instead.
Dirty. Slow\/ non-existent service. Waited 15 minutes for waiter and another 20 for food. Had to leave to board flight without eating. One and done.
Finally! A church serving something other than stale bread and red wine. How novel! Go for a drink or two and the aura of being in sin, but there are better beers and food to be had elsewhere in the area.
Best place for business wear, for work, job interviews, etc. And Levis are always on sale. Make up counter for the girls, casual wear for the guys. Win win. I hope they stick around..
If I had to eat only one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Jade Red burrito. The food is insane! Mexican\/Chinese?!?! What? Yeah it may sound weird but OMG, amazing!

The location on 19th ave is slightly better tasting,  but in no way down playing the awesomeness of Chinos!
Love this place. My all-time favorite is the lamb pita. The hummus is excellent and the pita bread is nice and soft and fresh .i could eat here four days a week.
The only reason I wanted to come by - the volcano nachos.  I liked them a lot.  Shredded cheddar and jack on top of a mild chili mix of ground beef and stewed tomatoes, sour cream, guac, tomatoes, and jalapenos.  Only thing I DIDN'T like was the fact that there weren't enough toppings to go around.  By the time you get to the middle of your "volcano" there are only nacho chips left with nothing to scoop.  We sat in the bar area because table seating was a 15 minute wait.  Pretty good bloody marys.
Great family run restaurant. We arrived at 12:15 and there were 30 people in line. Now that I've tasted the food, I know exactly why. This is probably the best shawarma sandwich I've had and it sets the bar high. Portions are massive and heir prices are reasonable. We also had the chicken shawarma poutine and man was it ever good!

Definitely will be back and for those who strictly eat Halal - this place is Halal. 

Bon appetite.
Wowie, first time kayaking, Loved it. These folks are extremely friendly and very helpful. Wonderful experience. We are going back again and even considering purchasing a kayak ourselves.
Love this local establishment. Not only does it have a great staff, great coffee & tea, but promotes and supports one of the greatest things on earth - music! A must go to if in Chandler, AZ!
The service wasn't the greatest, but we learned quickly that if you just get up and walk over to the counter they will get you whatever you want. The owner came out and walked the floor which was nice. But the food....the food is incredible. I'm a vegetarian and the menu selection is huge for meatless dishes and they can make anything to order. I got the in-house made sesame noodles and fried tofu with chef's sauce. The prices are reasonable too, especially for china town... I will definitely be back!
Absolutely divine. Cozy, old-world vibe but classy and traditional. The food and the service is excellent, and they make the best Bloody Marys I've ever had. A truly one of a kind bar.
Great service, friendly staff, extensive menu and excellent execution. Waffles or French toast are delicious. Breakfast doesn't get much better.
A unique experience..... fantastic food and great service. We had the 5 courses tasting menu with wine pairing and what I can say you should just go and enjoy it.
Whenever you tire of Coors Light bars in Cave Creek, try out Local Johny's for something real.  In the world of chain restaurants, it's refreshing to have a staff that gets to know you and becomes like family.  Love the food, the beer selection, and most of all the staff - Trish, Alex, and Hanna in particular.
The pizza is always great and very easy atmosphere to bring kids.  They have a little wooden kitchen set up that occupies my little ones so I can actually sit down and eat.  The service was also very good.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.
I live in California and was trying to purchase a vacation home in Lake Havasu Arizona. We began the loan process at the end of April with a friend who was having a very difficult time getting a loan approval. With our closing date approaching at the end of May we were in trouble, we were going to lose the house. I called Christine Wenger on May 21st for help. She was awesome. I have had a wonderful experience working with her. She made me feel as if I was her only client. And above all she closed the deal in 3 weeks. We have a new home and a new lender. I highly recommend NationsChoice and will do business with them in the future.
If i could give negative stars, I absolutely would. DO NOT EAT HERE. one more time - do not do it. meats smelled spoiled. just ate here and sick IMMEDIATELY after. save yourself the money and tummy pain. Oh and they definitely serve you water at the table but don't tell you that there's a $1 charge per person for that water (that they bring you like it's complimentary because oh that's right it's water)
Delicious noodles.   Awesome prices.  Table of four was 35$ total!  No wine\/beer\/sake yet but they say thats coming.  
I recommend the tomato and egg noodle dish.
Filling but not heavy.   We will be back!
This is the best restaurant in Gastonia! Try to dine here at least once, you'll be glad you did. All the positive reviews are absolutely true. It's an amazing place to have a nice dinner. I was absolutely impressed and pleasantly surprised with the food preparation, staff and atmosphere. The manager made a point to welcome us and ask if he could get us anything. He was very friendly and personable. This establishment has got it going on. Everyone working there was very professional and friendly . I highly recommend the Upside-down Pineapple Cheesecake, it's the bomb!
Stopped in with coworkers for a late lunch on a Thursday. I ordered the brisket stuffed yam. Easily in my Top 10 meals of all time. Maybe top 5. Michael Dunn was helping our table out and I told him if that was my last meal ever I'd be totally happy. It was fantastic!
I also tried the cornbread someone ordered because they insisted (I'm not much for cornbread) and it was great, too! Next time I'm in Las Vegas I will be back!
Friendly service.  They certainly have schnitzel served a variety of ways but mine was a bit overcooked.  The servings were large.
I would give this 4.5 stars and will explain why in a bit. 

Due to their recent promotion ($25 bill credit when you reserve online), my wife and I decided to go here for our annual end of year dinner.  We arrived on time for our reservation and were promptly seated at one of the raised booths in the back with a view of the kitchen.  Ambiance was great initially (we arrived on a Friday night at about 6) but then the restaurant started to fill up.  However, where we were sitting, it was not too noisy.  

For starters, the service was by far the best service we have had at any restaurant out here in Phoenix.  From the wait staff to the manager who came to our table, everyone was extremely polite.  

We started out with a bottle of wine recommended by our server (not one of the pricier ones) and it was excellent.  We shared a bowl of their crab\/seafood chowder that was on special that night and that was excellent!  Tasted almost as good at New England Seafood chowder.  

My wife ordered the prix fixe special; 2 petite filets, scallops, wedge salad and dessert.  Everything was great but unfortunately the filets (ordered medium rare) came out medium, hence the reason for the .5 star.  A steakhouse should put out a perfectly cooked petite filet but unfortunately this one was left on the grill too long.  We did not complain nor send it back.  The flavor was still there.  I ordered the bone-in filet (on special) which was cooked perfectly and we got a side of Fleming's potatoes.  I was not too crazy about them as they tasted just like scalloped potatoes with a bit of jalapeno, but the wife liked them.

The chocolate lava cake was good although it was a little bland for my taste and may need a bit of sugar if it was served on its own. However, the ice cream, pistachios, and almond cookies give the extra sweetness.  

Again, great service and excellent wine selections.  I would recommend coming here for dinner and\/or for happy hour as it seems like they have decent offerings in the bar area.
I tried to sign up as a driver.  The first 3 times I attempted to load paperwork did not work.  I sent in the required paperwork as requested after reporting the problem and it still took several weeks to get through the process.  When I started, the car had to be 2004 or newer.  Mid-way through the process, it had to be 2005 or newer (mine is 2004).  At the end of the process, it had to be 2006 or newer.  I wasted several hours going through the process, all for naught.  Even at the end, I was told by one person it had to be 2004 or newer and a different person told me 2006.  Sorry, but a business who can't get it straight among its own employees is not one I want to work for, or likely use as a customer.
Great food, great service!  I enjoyed the gourmet slant to the menu.  Had a hard time choosing, but ended up having the chicken ciabatta sandwich with a side salad instead of fries.  Waitress didn't mention the upcharge for the subsitution, which is a pet peave of mine, hence the missing star.  My husband had a burger with maple bacon, which he thoroughly enjoyed.  We went for a weekday lunch and liked the open atmosphere.  I think it would be a fun place to go for happy hour.  We enjoyed the screens all around the room, too.  Just bought 2 more Groupons so we can take the family next time!
I hired those guys after nightmare experience with my old pool service company for two years. So far so good, Royal Blue! Five star plus! They come on a same day of a week and at about same time frame, former errors were fixed, Paul (owner) is informative and professional, pool and a tab looks better than ever, and most importantly, service fees are very competitive. I highly recommend this company.
After I stepped into the (downstairs) bathroom, I should've known gravity was trash. Both the washroom downstairs and on the main floor were dimly lit, half the stalls didn't lock, and some of the toilets didn't have lids. Despite the fifteen-dollar cover, Gravity apparently couldn't afford soap dispensers, let alone soap. I decided not to judge the entire club on its bathrooms since I went for the music, but I couldn't enjoy that, either. The hypeman \/ deejay (from Z103) kept interrupting the beat with annoying commentary about people in the crowd ("You're like Xena Warrior Princess in those shoes!") or anything else that came to mind. Fortunately, the deejay in the room next door compensated with a fantastic set. It was a great combination of dancehall, soca, and some Top 40 hits with no nonsense to distract from it. At any other club, I'd have had a great time; not so at Gravity Soundbar.

Maybe I arrived on a bad night--a Friday when Gravity planned to host a pornstar and do a fleshlight giveaway--but the crowd seemed a little sketchy. My friends and I interacted with a particularly broad cross-section of obnoxious men to whom the word "no" seemed foreign. More to the point, though, I've never seen so many people smoke (both cigarettes and marijuana) inside a club while the bouncers literally turned their backs. When I complained of an allergy, two of them asked the smokers to step outside, but the third protested that they were his friends and 'everyone does it' like he doesn't get paid to enforce the law. The fact that they charge four dollars for a bottle of water--and not Perrier or even Dasani--doesn't help matters. Thank God I didn't pay to get in. (Ladies on the "guest list" are free before 11PM.) I only wish I could've left earlier, but one of my friends arrived late and wanted to make the most of her fifteen bucks. I can't blame her, but I think we would probably have been better off any place else.

As one of my friends put it, "I've been to a lot of questionable bars, but Gravity was definitely the sleaziest.
Cool concept shop! The ice cream is made to order. You pick either a vanilla base, or the special of the day. Today was coffee. Then you choose your add ins, kind of like at cold stones. There are suggested flavor combos on the chalk boards, but you can also request whatever speaks to you.

It was neat seeing my ice cream be made from a liquid base, and to see the fresh ingredients get mashed in. Then, at the end, they roll your ice cream into several spirals before serving it to you. 

I've never eaten ice cream like this! The ice cream itself was 5 stars! It was creamy but not too soft, the coffee flavor I picked had the right subtlety. It didn't taste icy at all. The fruit ingredients tasted really fresh in the ice cream. I only took one star off because it's going to be hard to shell out $7 per cup each time! This will likely be my go to for dessert on special days.
I dont get the obsession with this place. Its my 3rd time at 3 different location. The chicken is meh. Not bad not great kind of flavorless. The french fries remind me of Ore Rida fries I can make at home. Im not much of a Texas Toast fan but theirs is good but not worth the wait. The price is fair but I have had better.
Love the salsa bar. 15 varieties. Street tacos rock.
Good but some issues but long waits caused by bad parking structure caused me to be late from lunch. Salads always have the center of the head for some reason. Always have to throw lettuce away. If I see another brown avocado I may stop coming
This is the beauty of Yelp as I would of never known about this incredible little family restaurant.  Joe and his family make  you feel like your in their home for lunch.  Tell me how many places where you find that anymore??!!  The cheese steak with grilled onions is AMAZING.  Joe told me he slices the beef (wafer thin) himself and the bread is so fresh.  The chicken salad is perfect and Mama Tina told me they roast all the chicken breasts at the restaurant.  Try their chocolate chip cookies - addicting!!  My friend took home a slice (huge) of lasagna, which comes with garlic bread, for $10 and said it was crazy good.
The service is top notch. The bottomless mimosas are super tasty. Food was hot and delicious.  We will be back!
All of the food that I've had there is pretty good. I like the fact that the food is not laden with grease and obscure ingredients. Everything looks fresh.
Great place to pick up theater quality make up and supplies , the costume selection is quite large , but seemed to be geared more towards the "sexy" set , ie sexy nurse , sexy cop, sexy cave girl ( you get the picture ) , I was hoping for a bit more inspiration for Halloween , but this place is more for the people that want the one stop , all in a bag sort of costume , not that it's a bad thing , just not mine !! I enjoyed walking the aisles and did pick up a couple of accessories , that I probably will change up the plasticky look of them , but I know this will probably get me in trouble , I think savers Halloween dept has more to offer by way of accessories and ideas , to make your self stand out !! I also did pick up a nice , but $$ make up kit & the ladies behind the counter are VERY knowledgeable of the make up products they sell ! Alas savers Halloween dept isn't open all year long and this place is , so if you do need a costume or make up supplies throughout the year ,  this place is for you !!
Food wasn't bad but was decent. Ambiance was lively I really enjoyed it including the service. All in all when everything has good feels to it then the restaurant deserves a good review. It is a fusion restaurant so must say the food wasn't bad but it also didn't scream I love it felt the Peking duck could of been sliced a bit thinner. Presentation I enjoyed. But the music the people and interior really has it's unique to it. Must check it out. Girls night here is worth the time.
The facility itself is beautiful and well designed.  Views of the mountains are plentiful.  We had a very pleasant afternoon, until we received a lecture from a young  vendor about dehydration. 
He then offered to sell us twenty ounces of water for $4.00.   When i complained he told me: It's cheaper than a hospital bill.  Are you !#$&@  kidding me? 
Now I am trying not to rant here, but you and I can purchase a case of water almost anywhere for $3.99! That's retail. Personally I say shame on them!
We chose to eat here because they had four stars.  However, we will not come back.  The service was horrible.  We had to wait over 30 minutes for our food and the plates were not right and my food was cold.  Apparently other guests were not being seated right away because the kitchen was backed up.
Our A\/C system died after 17 years and had to replace it.  I got 5 estimates and not only was Discount Air Care the least expensive,(by 30%) they could replace my system the soonest.  They showed up on time, on Saturday Morning, (no extra charge) with a full crew ready to go.  By 10:30 in the morning I had a new system.  The technicians, Conklin and Bob took the time to educate me on setting the thermostat and explaining on how this new variable speed system worked.   KUDO's To Mike Jones and HIS EXCELLENT CREW.  They are attentive, very well priced, professional and nice.  All you could ask for in an A.\/C. company.  no surprises, billed as quoted, no extra's..
Referred by a friend, I thought it was going to be an amazing place. As matter of fact the Wynn is amazing but this place disappointed me a lot.
Went for breakfast.. Service was very slow and i felt they never paid attention to us (we had empty glasses of water through the entire meal.. At the Wynn? Please...) 
We order the blackberry tart, which was described as something delicious. Well, we waited 20 minutes for a lousy pastry with berry just added on top. What is that all about? Come to LA and I' ll show you what a berry tart looks like...
I am in the restaurant business too and I know how servers make $. I left 15% for the first time in my life!!! They didn t even deserve that.. Total disappointment!!!
The barbecue was OK. But the service was horrible!   And you wonder why the restaurant empty. Fix your service issues and it will get busy.
My technician was either inexperienced or lazy as she used a drill on my natural nail bed for some reason.  I'm not sure why someone would do that for a normal manicure. My nails are pretty scratched up now. Her drill bit and her nail file were not clean either.
If you're always on the look out for a good mixed salad (w\/wo meats) this is za place. Oh! and the beverages aren't too bad either.
yes it is old yes it is not brand new, and next to the freeway, but still a very good and lowest price for that area... here is why i give 5 stars: i had an emergency and the general manager responded with a perfect and understanding manner!! wich is rare now a days and priceless... a huge lifesafer and help. thank you and 5 stars to that!!
Like I say, today was my first time ever. I love the food and the staff were very friendly. What I like about it that place has so many televisions that I can watched and enjoy, while I'm eating
If you want to deal with an owner who blames their customer and fails to take ownership for their actions go with Makeup in the 702. I don't want to take away from the great job Kira (makeup) and Courtney (hair) did. They deserve 5 stars. On the other hand the owner Megan was a huge disappointment. She advised me that my tattoo coverup would be included in the price I was giving. When my final invoice was sent I noticed the tattoo coverup was nowhere to be found. I reached out to Megan and she explained it would be an additional $35.00. I sent her an email displaying that the coverup was included in the all inclusive but she still stated it would be an additional charge. I didn't get any resolution till after I email her a screen shot of a text conversation we had and I sent a message to her on Facebook (that was taken down) inquiring on her lack of responses as it had been 3 days since I emailed her. The screen shot displayed our conversation and Megan stating that the tattoo coverup was included in the price. Finally she accepted and updated my invoice but failed to advise the makeup artist causing my tattoo to be coverup with foundation and not the proper makeup used for tattoo coverups. The coverup was not done well (due to the lack of knowledge that a tattoo coverup was being done) and my tattoo was still visible. Megan had confirmed my getting ready location about a month prior to my wedding but failed to relay that information also. Luckily Kira text me the night before to confirm the location and that's when I knew Megan dropped the ball again. My wedding was at 5:30 and SHE not me scheduled the hair and makeup to start at 9am with a ready time of 3:30. I couldn't understand why SHE not me would schedule me to be ready 2 hours prior to my wedding and 1 hour prior to my limo picking me up but she did. I had advised my photographer to be there at 2:30 since i should have been done at 3:30. By 1 o'clock all my brides maids, my mom, and my daughter were done. They began working on me and my makeup was done by 1:30 hair 2:30. I didn't get to have my getting ready pictures cause of this. From 2:30- 4:30 I was just sitting patiently waiting for 4:30 to arrive and trying not to mess up my hair or makeup. On my weddingwire review Megan stated I scheduled that ready time. Why would any bride schedule to be ready 2 hours before their wedding and risk getting their hair or makeup messed up? She was the one that schedule it and when I asked if we could start later so I could be ready closer to my wedding time she stated no because there's other appointments they're attending.
I bought a deal for laser hair removal, for six treatments. I'm not too sure how it works, but I'm pretty sure that the hair isn't suppose to grow back within a month. The machine they use looks quite ancient and even though they advertise "painless" treatments, it always hurts. The woman who performed my services was very rude, and REMINDED me to tip on my way out. I never tipped her for the six times I've been to this place. The receptionist was unprofessional and always on the phone with her boyfriend. 

So, not only was it a painful experience, the hair grew back in a matter of weeks after my six treatments. Whatever machine they are using, it does not work. 

My suggestion, stay away from this place!
Of all the sports bars in Charlotte, there is something about Hickory Tavern that keeps me coming back. The staff is friendly and the tvs are plentiful, indoors and out. They also have a large bar area that makes it easy to hang out with friends and still have a good view of the game. 

I went this weekend to watch the Panther's game. The place was packed and the energy was high. The food is also pretty good. I like the plain jane wings (aka dry rub) and the Carolina dog, a grilled hotdog toped with chili, coleslaw and mustard. The hotdog is served with your choice of a side, so I got the sweet potato fries. The fries were okay. They were drizzled with honey (which I didn't mind, but I didn't expect). They also weren't hot (they were luke warm at best).  My friend ordered the jerk chicken wings and he really enjoyed them. 

I must say that I was impressed with how attentive our waitress was. The place was full and she still took our order quickly, checked on us regularly and did it all with a smile. 

Overall, this is a solid spot. They have daily drink specials, good bar food and nice servers. It's a good spot to watch the game.
All the staff here are very professional and patient. Everything is explained thoroughly to you and all questions are answered. I feel that this is especially important since you are about to take a test that could potentially decide your future so obviously its understable if you're stressed. I was pretty much hyperventilating and loopy but the staff made the whole experience as relaxing as possible. The location is kind of hard to get to but the directions that the Pearson website provides is helpful. Downside is you have to pay $10 for the parking.
I love whiskey warehouse it's a nice change of pace for plaza Midwood. I generally really like the crowd that comes... The food is great, the waitresses are super friendly and the drink prices are awesome. The only reason for the four stars is the parking is really terrible!
Awesome Tiki Bar in Vegas! Nice and dark with delicious cocktails great glassware and theme appropriate juke box! We always make it a point to stop by when we are in town to get a drink, live up the tiki vibe and add a new mug to our collection! They have upgraded the seating in here since our visit last year, much more comfortable chairs now! We will be back again and again!
Excellent food!! I loved the lechon kawali and the lumpia!!! Will definitely be retuning! Everyone needs to try this place!!
My wife and I (I'm using her account) showed up to our new house after having keys for a couple days to find the master valve broken and water gushing out. I had to shut off the water main to the house. No house water until someone could come out and fix it. We had to be out of our apartment the next day. Eldon was able to come by after we called our normal landscapers and many others who were too busy or didn't have time. We were charged a more than reasonable amount when we could have been taken advantage of because of our situation. We will be recommending and using only one company for sprinkler repair in the future. SPRINKLER DOCS kick as$. Very thankful for their help.
I went around 9:30 PM on sunday night. I ordered a Bisibelebath, my two other friends order idly and Uthappam.

The idly came after about 5 mins, but the bisibelebath and uthappam came only after 30 minutes. The uthappam was not fully cooked. We returned and he gave a mysore dosa instead. 

The bisibelebath, is supposed to come with 2 papads. Two papdads were given about 10 minutes after the entree. It was too oily, so I asked for a different pair. He took it back and came back after 10 more minutes with one papad, with the same amount of oil on it. I did not pay any tip in the end. Duh!
I came in yesterday morning for brunch. I love the decor. I grew up in the Midwest. The decor definitely reminded me of a rustic, country restaurant with a modern, dressed up flair. I loved the cow paintings! The $5 Bloody Mary was decent. Not amazing. The server was very attentive, funny, and knowledge about the menu. I had the Prosciutto Benedict. It looked small but was very filling. There was more prosciutto than expected and the flavors were in great. The ONLY issue- a benedict should come with a poached egg. This came with a (slightly) soft boiled egg. They are close but not the same thing. Poach it!!! I would recommend this place even though they don't know their eggs and I would even try it again!
Amazing food.  My friend (vegan) and I (vegetarian) enjoyed brunch here while visiting Toronto.  We loved everything we ordered, particularly the pesto tofu and homemade lemonade. Only giving 4 stars instead of 5 for the food court atmosphere. Nothing wrong with the food court itself, just a little weird.
We checked out Bob's new place on opening night, because we were already huge fans. When you get to the Ritz, make sure to put your name on the list with the gentleman by the elevators  and be prepared to wait a little bit. 

When you get to go up to the 15th floor the hostess will take you to one of the lounge tables. The decor has a 1920s modern feel to it. (Think Great Gatsby and Restoration Hardware)

For drinks, we got the Top of the Hill punch to share and a sweet potato and sage cocktail. Both were smooth and tastes great. 

For food, you get the 'bar beans' which are crunchy and salted and taste great. We also ordered the NY Strip jerky, which tasted amazing. 

Overall, the place is great for great drinks and going on a nice date. I look forward to all of the new drinks Bob will create in the future.
LOVED IT! OMG! It was a bit of a wait, but the pizza was great! The waiter was great! Oh, of course the pizza was so big we were able to take home plenty of leftovers! The restaurant was very clean.
Beer is not good. Tastes watered down.  Got the pork belly corn dogs and it was all fat not meat, literally, I'm not exaggerating.  The people are nice and the atmosphere is very cool. I'd only come here for the flatbread.  Also, most of their seating is high top stools with no backs. Not very comfy for a meal.
Went with the family on Sunday night. 
The place was busy ,loved vibe. 
The food was excellent!!!!!!!
Fresh and tasty and the service was super friendly. 
We are coming back foshu.
Good diner -- Good food, friendly quick service, and reasonable prices, but the place sits in a trashed and dirty strip center. 

Don't buy the Groupon deal expecting to find "Up to $32 for $16," or whatever the specifics are.  The only thing on the menu that would take two meals to $32 is the Ribeye steak, which they no longer carry.  In fact, forget the entire dinner menu because they are only open for a couple of hours on Friday evening and that's for a fish fry. 

If you both order the chicken fried steak or sirloin steak and eggs breakfast, you'll make a couple of bucks on the coupon, but for anything else it's probably a better deal to just pay menu and not worry about an expiration.
I'm a HUGE (like massive) Postino fan but live across the street from Postino Arcadia and had never ventured to their Central location! My girlfriend chose this as her Birthday spot last weekend and it was absolutely amazing, as expected! I LOVE their patio (it is a little big bigger than Postino Arcadia's patio) and the service was fantastic. We had a party of 14 and they were totally able to accommodate! (We were split between 2 tables though!)

You can't beat the $5 glasses of wine on Sundays! I also split the Bruschetta (duh!) and the Sunshine Daydream salad. It was packed with bacon, grilled corn, green beans, olives, goat cheese, radishes, green onions, cashews, and just so many goodies! It is literally heaven and a must order if you're looking for a light, but filling lunch\/dinner! 5-stars all around, as usual!
Excellent!!! Super clean, quiet, and good service. Pay less for more quality. But the place is not close to the strip and is for those people who want a relaxing time. It is very kid-friendly.
Harold's Son Transmission was recommended to me by my mechanic, Highland Auto in Chandler. After my mechanic suspected a transmission problem in my Toyota Land Cruiser I was told to see the Toyota Dealership because it was still under warranty. I went and the dealership was quick to say it needed a new transmission. I just didn't think a new Land Cruiser could have a bad transmission. Virgil and Highland Auto said to get it looked at, at Harolds. They are so honest that they said the transmission was good and it was only a fan clutch.  They could have made me get a new transmission. I was ready to do it. Not only are they so honest not to do a fake transmission they sent me back to my mechanic because the shop that sent me to Harolds does the work and the honorable thing to do is let them do it. I noticed the Bible on Harolds desk. Not only do they read it they live it. Can't trust these guys any more. Honest people and great work. I highly recommend them. You should too.
Thank you for Chef Harish ... He's the best chef in Vegas  ... Love his foods good test & very Delicious  

we come very weeks ..
I chose Patria for my birthday few days ago. I'm honestly not entirely happy about the service there tho. 
1I told one Asian waitress that I don't want any cilantro at all, and she went back to double check for us, but still there's cilantro everywhere on my salad and beef. We didn't want to wait that long again so we didn't send the food back. I really don't like uncooked cilantro. 
2We made reservation and dressed up that night, I was sort of expecting more welcoming service. After the waitress serve the birthday dish with candle, she just left. The day before that night, I had another birthday dinner at Bent. At least the waiter sang a little bit of birthday song with us. 
3 Usually for this kind of restaurants waiter\/waitress would ask if the client is here to celebrate any special occasion, but she didn't ask. That's fine. I was just wondering if she asked maybe I'll order a bottle of wine instead of two glasses. 

To sum up, I liked the beef a lot. Tasted really nice and tender. The wine is fine wine too. Interior design is gorgeous, the giant painting is really cool. I just wish the customer service could do better next time. Especially when you see the customer is all dressed up with heels and full make-ups, they're here to spend money. Grab the chance and try to make the your tip goes up more than just 10%.
This family business sells amazing seafood from oysters, mussels, lobster, and a wide variety of fish. Make sure you check their website for weekly specials and call to reserve so you don't miss out. There were several times that I didn't find the oysters or mussels I wanted for my meal and had to buy the next best thing.

The sell seafood at a reasonable price while supplying many restaurants across the city. New shipments are received twice a week for freshness (I believe Monday and Thursdays). I usually buy these plus specialty items like scallop and uni.

Definitely worth a try if you plan to have a party at home. They also have a restaurant next door which serve their fresh seafood. It's not too fancy but the food is worth a try if you are lazy to cook. They also participate at festivals selling their fresh oysters but I rather buy and shuck.
Stayed here before, these are the largest standard rooms in Vegas. This hotel is my third favorite hotel in the city. The staff and service here are decent, but could use some more polish in general. Here are the major positive points: Rooms, Bed, Bathrooms, Location, Restaurants on the property.
Old Decor. Service from servers who are...weird. The owner did a table touch to see how everything was. We hadn't even gotten our appetizer. The Shrimp Cocktail was large, cold and fresh. The steak that my brother in law had was very large and cooked properly. I had the pasta trio. The gnocchi was good. The other two pastas were below average and I suspect made from a canned pasta sauce. There were 5 of us dining. Some were happy with the experience. Others simply tolerated it. We dined for a special occasion, Father's Day. Avanti had been on our list of "To-Try" restaurants. Been there. Done that. Won't do it again. Once you've seen one pink-walled, Zebra coated restaurant, you've seen 'em all. This place is past it's prime.
Wednesday night special a Maine Whole Lobster.
And no claw cracker to crack the claws with because of how popular the special was. Now what is a boy to do? So after the waitress apologies multiple times, the lobster is getting colder and colder. After a while the sorrys are getting old.  Then when the neighbors git their lobster with crackers, the waitress says sorry again!  Now it's is time for her to correct the problem., free dessert,  some off of bill, but nope, and you guessed it, Sorry again. Needless to say, not tip and no return!
THERE IS SOMETHING SPECIAL HAPPENING AT THE RUSTY BUCKET! We have been here maybe 20 times over the past six years and have mixed reviews ranging from eh to just ok. Well, today something in the kitchen has changed. We noticed an updated menu since our last visit and it's really good. Our server Jack was great and so was Lu the bartender. Bloody Mary's were great! The Earl Grey Palmer was also Kick ass! We had the Buffalo Chicken sami with sweet potato fries, Beer Cheeseburger and Fish and Chips. Simple bar fare but this time it seems it was done with great care. WELL DONE RB! Super good! If they stay on track like this we'll be regulars. Looking forward to trying the new brunch menu. Chicken and waffles? Hell yeah!
Food is great and inexpensive. The highlight is obviously the 2$ breakfast which is a pretty good amount. However, there are other strong points for this restaurant. The roast chicken is very tasty and is barely 10$, huge portion. The fries in my opinion are great, must try the poutine once. Overall i'd say you cant find this quality of food for the same price.
Best Indian in Madison. This is my happy place. The dining room is always filled with other happy Madisonians mowing on Indian. Maharaja - do it. And be sure to order the masala tea.
Last Thursday, my washer quit working and I thought the pump may have gone out.  I am new to Las Vegas, so I was dreading looking into getting it fixed.  I called Friday morning and Romuel stopped by later in the afternoon, fixed the washer quickly, and before I even got any other quotes back, my washer was fixed.  I had looked to Yelp for ratings, but you never know how it will shake out.  I can tell you that I am very pleased and would not hesitate to refer him to my friends and family.
I'm so glad this place exists.

Reasonably priced flat rate per person for as many hours as you want. Chit-chat cafe's also got a massive collection of different board games. They've pretty much got at least one copy of every popular and popular-ish board game including many others I couldn't even at popular board game cafe's downtown such as Castle Board Game Cafe which is about 3 times the size but maybe half the selection of games Chit Chat Cafe boasts.

The coffee is surprisingly good and as well the gelato that they also had.

The staff is super friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about all the board games. 

The only negative about this place is the size. There are only a handful of tables available and my group and I have found ourselves out of luck several nights. The weekends really are a gamble. This can be seen as both a negative and positive but the tables CAN be reserved. It can be a negative because I often see the tables go empty for at least an hour before the people reserving them show up.

Overall this place is a fantastic change to all of Markham's countless bubble tea joints and is a strong competitor to board game cafes downtown (especially when Snakes is so far and always full), which is why I say I'm so glad this place exists.
I love this place. Been back several times for breakfast, lunch  and dinner. Frannies is the perfect dessert - a warm mixture of brownie and bake batter withe fudge and ice cream on top. Heaven! The left coast blt is my go to, and the avocado omelet is great as well. I like the burgers, and the house salad is excellent.
YAY!!! Finally made it to Completo...I love sandwiches! The best part of this is that they are opened late, so if you don't feel like cooking dinner or are working late, you can call to pick something up or get takeout before 9pm.

The space is small but even into the night, is brightly lit and bumpin with upbeat music. Their menu is simple, but still offer variety - three types of sandwiches, a variety of fries, and there are also tacos and grill cheese sandwiches.

I went with the Churrasco sandwich made w. Steak and the veggie sandwich. After a miscommunication (chorizo vs. Churrasco), they were very accommodating and gave me the steak that I had originally wanted to get. I appreciate them doing this because the chirizo was already on its way to being cooked.

I rapidly walked home to share my findings... We were starving and I was so excited. While I'm not usually big on "bean" burgers, this one was pretty good... You could taste the chickpeas in the patty and the toppings gave the whole sandwich so many flavour elements. The meat sandwich was sooo different in taste.. In a good way. I've never tasted a sandwich like this before... Unique and tasty! Especially loved that sprouts and avocado!

My one word of advice is that we both would have preferred the hot sauce to be spread evenly..... we both got a huge hit out of nowhere (hot sauce specifically on one side ) leaving our mouths uncomfortably hot.

Otherwise... See u for a box of fries next time!
If you are going for lunch do NOT, I repeat, do NOT trust their menu online. I just got completely burned on that - they only publish their dinner menu online apparently and the numbers are NOT the same. (For the record, I have a lot of food allergies so getting the wrong thing isn't just disappointing, it means I literally canNOT eat what was served to me, as it could kill me.) 

Anyhow, the food itself is good, the restaurant inside is not indicative of the ambiance outside, and the curries are great. 

Definitely recommend if you're going out to eat if you're not feeling like paying the Uptown surcharge and just want some good Thai.
My family and I love Dan's Dogs.  The Deputy Dawg is a hit (peanut butter and jelly), but all their creations are worth trying.  What really brings us back is the service.  The staff does an excellent job, even on busy Saturday nights.  The place is always filled with positive energy that keeps us coming back.
I don't know why anyone would go anywhere else in Las Vegas. Super cool staff, and comfortable shop to be in. Would highly recommend perusing the portfolios of the tattooers at Seven Tattoo.
Where should I begin?
Way over priced for cable TV and internet, and really, $5.00\/month for a remote? I called a week ago to drop the land line and scale back my internet & cable. From $121.\/month to $81. per month. OK, that's a start. Well they delayed the change for 2 weeks so they could collect more longer. I was on hold for 25 minutes today just trying to get to a person who could "look into it". The whole call took 35 minutes most of it on hold.
Poor customer service.
This is a nice little restaurant located in a strip mall. Great place to hang out.

We ordered: 

Black and White Sesame Paste 黑白芝麻糊
Black Glutinous Congee with Mango Topping 粒粒芒果紫米露
Boiled Egg White with Milk with ginger essence 燉奶
Sweet Walnut Soup 合桃露

All the desserts are not too overly sweet and it was really good.

Prices are competitive, very clean place and the wait staff are very nice.
My guy friends from Hawaii raved about this place so much, that I finally had to join them and I haven't ever looked back since. This place is in a strip mall that most drive by without noticing. I love love pretty much everything from them. I will cry from time to time, let's be honest, monthly, when I can't get my hands on their Mac salad. Any other Hawaiian place in the valley isn't as legit as this place.
Good food, but not the best service I've ever had here or even close to average.  I came for brunch and got the duck hash.  My salsa came out the same time has my hash.  My eggs were not cooked to order.  And it took 7 minutes to get hot water with lemon.  My server simply forgot about it.  Unless you are trying to watch tv, I would not sit in the bar area on a Sunday.
This is the second time I've been to this Starbucks. The first time i came it took 30 minutes from the time I placed and payed for my order to the time I received my order. There were only two costumes ahead of me so there is no way it should have taken that long to receive my two drinks. This time I came, it took nearly 15 minutes in the drive through, and once we got to the window they told us they were completely out of green tea and brewing another pot asking us to wait a few extra minutes. If they had told us at the window that they were out of green tea I would not have waited in that line. Not sure I'm going to go back to they Starbucks.
The place has the most delicious and refreshing snow cones! The best summertime dessert! So many different flavor options!
Such a fun lunch place! Hubby ordered a pizza and I ordered a chicken curry salad. Both were amazing! The salad would feed three people. Loved the house Chardonnay! Our waiter was fantastic!
Subsequently spoke with another manager who professionally and kindly resolved the issue. We took her invitation to return....

...and we did. 

A+. The level of professional service from Javed and Nazmul was subtle and sublime. All courses, especially the corn and tomato gazpacho, duck confit and cod three ways were perfectly prepared.

Needless to say, the 360 views on a crystal clear day were spectacular!
I've been to this place a couple of times while living in Arizona. When I first came I was impressed. The salsas are all amazing, especially the green one! The portions are HUGE! Enough to feed a small village. Nice Mexican restaurant decor. They have TVs to watch games. This is good Mexican food in Arizona. I will be coming back here when I visit.
Good, not great.  I could explain all the things that make this place merely so-so, but who really cares?  A lot of people will see this 3-star review and act like it's a 1-star review.  The place is fine.  I'll just never go back.  Typical Charlotte.  A bajillion 5-star reviews, leaving me scratching my head.  Again, place is ok, but people are acting like it's something special. It's not.  The humblest street crepe in Paris is 10x better and a third the cost.
Authentic Mexican!  Love it!   Margarita was great and the food was tasty and authentic.   Will return.
Great place for breakfast! Still need to comeback for lunch but I know you'll love it!
I signed a friend and I up for a $35 (each) class. We arrived and were greeted by a very upbeat,  friendly girl.  Awesome! Great start... until we got into the back room where our class was taking place.  The first thing that was a little off putting was that the instructor didn't speak to us when we walked in.  She had to have known we were there (we walked in laughing) but she didn't acknowledge us until I spoke to her. She actually seemed irritated that I spoke. 

After putting on the aprons and choosing our chairs, a few more people arrived and I noticed the instructor's entire demeanor change.  Suddenly she became social and fairly happy, it seemed so fake to me. 

When the entire class had arrived, BOOM,  the instructor launched into the painting.  She was giving instruction after instruction so fast it was hard to keep up,  even when people would pipe up and ask for help she'd say,  "I'm going to do this next step and then we'll come back to this". Great,  but then she started saying 3 or 4 instructions in a cluster,  "this brush with this paint and this line with this paint on this brush and wipe this here and blah blah blah". 

The other downside was that another class was happening right outside the room we were in,  and we could clearly hear that instructor. It was really distracting. 

My biggest complaint is something that's a personal issue,  but I know there are others who feel the same... I hate to be touched,  I have small anxiety attacks when strangers touch me.  During the class,  at one point the instructor came up behind me and squeezed both my shoulders. Granted,  she was complimenting my work,  but it took all my energy not to lose it right there.  Hands off,  get out of my bubble! 

Overall this concept is a nice idea,  I just felt very rushed and distracted.... and at the end extremely uncomfortable. I looked at the picture taken of our group and I could visibly see the anxiety in my face.  I would be open to trying another class,  but I'd probably try to get a different instructor.
Love the atmosphere here. It is basically an all you can eat set up. The prices are great and the sushi is quality. It is good sushi for the price. For $1-$2 per plate, you can't go wrong. Highly recommend this place for sushi eaters that are not to picky.
The staff were really friendly and good about topping off my drink. Not too packed for a Saturday night and the layout was one of the better ones I have been in. Very clean too.

Other than that, just your standard Buffalo Wild Wings.
For some reason I had such high expectations of this place - i think it might have been the really odd and unique name, but it just goes to show that you cant judge a book by its cover.

Frankly, i was dissapointed. It was just your average common or garden public house - nothing too special and not exactly offering great value for money. The staff were friendly enough and I did have an alright time in the relaxed and cozy atmosphere, but it was just a little bit of a let down that i couldnt ignore.
As Dave Chapelle once said, "If you don't like chicken and watermelon, something's wrong with YOU". I have to agree about chicken. It's almost universally never bad. When grilled, it's so delicious. 

After years of eating those grilled chickens from grocery stores that brag about their chickens being air chilled, I had the fortune of being introduced to Portuguese style of cooking chicken. They use charcoal and add piri piri sauce. Usually it comes with rice and potatoes. After getting Portuguese chicken, I can never go back to grocery store chickens. 

The key difference is that I don't find Portuguese cooked chickens to be as dry. With grocery store chickens, the insides taste like rubber with no taste. You don't get this problem with Portuguese chicken at this restaurant for some reason. Every bite is deliciously seasoned. If the "original" taste is not enough for you, add some spicy sauce! I never thought I'd be impressed by a simple dish of grilled chicken + rice and potatoes. 

You can get a 1\/2 chicken dinner combo for around $10 and this is a steal! They pack the box with rice and potatoes. Unless you're a manly big eater, I think you'll find it hard to finish one box.  If you can't finish, do share with someone!
This is my least favourite restaurant at Leslie plaza, but I keep on coming back. Simply, it is the best place in the area to meet someone, and I've met plenty of someones throughout the last year. 

Bubble tea (or boba), sweets, clay pots, popcorn chicken, indescribable Chinese snacks indigenous to the South of China, and herbal teas that somehow I suspect isn't all that herbal. 
The decor is atrocious, makes absolutely no sense. No theme, but well lit. Trendy ambiance, almost as if it was inspired by some stock photography picture. Not worth mentioning. The menu is not for serious foodies, but some of the sweets such as the pudding is rich and uniquely delicious. 
Complimentary purple (not as good as the white one) pudding is offered to all patrons. The toast is something among their prettiest dishes, and possibly the biggest you'll ever see.  
I would forego the clay pot rice dishes, as most of the rice is stuck onto the clay pot, and the edible portion is quite hard in texture. The popcorn. The popcorn chicken is frozen packaged. Don't ask me how I know.

Very friendly service from the staff. Reasonable prices for 'cute' food. 
As mentioned, I do only come here to meet people. Specifically female people. I spare them of the horrendous sight of my eating Chinese food. Instead, I adopt a sense of civility, which is made easy by the dishes here designed not to be devoured. Cute food is meant to be consumed cutely. 

I see people of my past, present, and perhaps even future. I see them all here each time I visit. This is the only restaurant that I bump into people that I know of, constantly. This is why This place is my least favourite within the plaza. Bubble is the great equalizer, it brings people together...well, at least Asian people.
I like the store  I like that they offer  a  variety of products made here in our provice, I do find the prices marked up considerably compared to other places with similar products and some of the same. Hard to communicate for me since I am an immigrant and not very fluent in french yet,  there were many occassions where I just walked out without what i was looking for not because the product was not available but because I could not understand the employee and vice versa. the website is only available sadly for francophones, good luck  if you are an immigrant like me who speaks very little french
Caribbean Grill's Lunch to Go Wednesdays is the highlight of my week! Their food is DELICIOUS, with just the right amount of heat. I love their spicy, fall off the bone jerk chicken, their rich, cheesy mac 'n cheese that surprises you with a kick of heat, and their wonderfully sweet plantains that I can't resist ordering extra of. I also love that they let me customize my order. I can substitute mac 'n cheese for the rice 'n peas, or get all flats of the jerk chicken wings. I can't wait until they get their food truck going, or better yet, open their own restaurant. They get a solid 5 stars from me (only because I couldn't do 6)! I highly recommend them to everyone!!!
Unprofessional ,unorganized & rude and plain lazy. I called to see if I can change my sons appt time for later , mind you that I called 2 months ahead & they told me they were booked ,so I just kept his appointment at that time . 2 days later someone called trying to set up an appointment for this week ,I explained I called two days before.. & she "looked up the appointment " and said there's no record of it . I  said okay that's fine I'll just cancel it and go somewhere else. She thought I hang up after I said that ,cause I hear her say"fine b****h " .. Called back and no answer. Will be trying to reach owner soon! The person who called me I believe was named Jessica.
Reliable, affordable and quick to respond. Ramirez and his team are good at what they do and easily reachable via phone or text. I highly recommend them as they are professional, honest and polite. A great find for a rekey or lock-out.
I went here for the first time over the weekend. Though I'm pretty sure our server was new, he wasn't very knowledgeable of a lot of basic things. I was asking him the differences of the sauces and all of us at the table were confused by his explanations. The people I was with have been there before so I went by their opinions of which sauce to get. I ended up getting 1 lb of shrimp - house special, medium. I'm a fan of spicy foods but their medium was way hotter than expected, my mouth was on fire. I added 1 corn and 1 potato... for $.50 I only got half of a very small red potato, I thought it'd at least be a full potato. Also, I believe they don't think people go to the supermarket, because I know what  a pound of shrimp looks like and that wasn't it. For their prices it ridiculous they short people of food. Food overall wasn't bad though, I'd return if I was meeting friends and that's where they wanted to go but it's nowhere I'd pick myself.
Extra star for the view. It's beautiful at night.

Very old school vibe. Came on a Thursday night with no resi's but no problem. Wasn't crowded at all. DH and I split a caesar salad and 24 oz prime rib with baked potato and veggies. Didn't get any attitude from waiter about the split which is nice. Salad was HUGE as was the prime rib. Took half of it home. All around was pretty tasty.

Friends ordered the lobster and was a 9oz tail. Good thing she didn't order 2 as she was going to! Said was good. Other ordered prime rib also. All were very satisfied with meal. Service was wonderful and personable. Didn't have any issues. Martini's and wine were tasty. You're going to pay but felt it was worth it. Unless someone has a massive appetite, you can split and be more than satisfied.

Would come here again. Like stepping back in time.
There Senor Territory manager needs to go into retirement rude and dishonest person. He must have really smoothed someone over to get his job or who knows just how he got it? I have never seen some one as unprofessional as he is! if you have commercial work to be done don't call these guys call anyone else but these guys they treat there dogs better than there customer. Just due to that and there Territory manager Al I shredded there bid and would never recommend them to anyone!!!!
Does Homer Simpson own this place? D'oh, he only likes doughnuts! The family wanted to go to that G-spot sushi but there was a ridiculous 1hour, 45minute wait at 8pm on a Friday night. It was up to me to find a different place. I haven't heard of the people who did the reviews for this place so I was a bit concerned how reliable they were. My sister called Doh to ask if there was a wait since she can sense my patience ran out.

We were greeted by friendly hostesses and got seated right away. Our table was in front of the piano. There was live music while we were eating! But the pianist took a break\/ went home by around 9pm.

The more I think about my experience, the more I like Doh. Last night I was telling myself, this place was not 5-star worthy and all the other reviews were shenanigans! I think I was just hANGRY for thinking that. I couldn't think of a single thing to complain about, well...maybe, the pork belly but our server did warn me about it though. 

This place serves AYCE sushi and Korean\/Japanese tapas for $26 and is ran by Korean chefs and there were maybe 4 of them when we went so our food came out pretty quick. There's a limit on the sashimi, uni and amaebi just like most AYCE places. They have beer, sake, soju and cocktails. Our server was great. He answered all our questions and kept our drink glasses full at all times. He was dealing with a tough crowd: me - the impatient and hungry one, my aunt - with her weird questions, my cousin who's on a strict Mr. Olympia diet, my uncle who was late and extremely hungry...my sis and my bro-in-law who were the semi-normal ones for the evening. We got okonomiyaki, galbi, bossam (steamed pork belly), Vegas toast, shrimp tempura, soft-shell crab tempura, Aria roll, Rock & Roll, Avocado Bomb, Popcorn Lobster, Something Wrong, Screaming O roll, Screaming O salmon sashimi, salmon nigiri, pepper tuna, uni and amaebi. The quality of the fish and seafood was amazing. For dessert, we got a Banana Dream (banana tempura served with green tea ice cream) and a plum wine ice cream. My favorites were uni, amaebi, Screaming O salmon sashimi, and salmon nigiri but here are some remarkable menu items I tried:

Soft-Shell Crab Tempura:
There's a newer AYCE sushi place on Maryland Parkway and Flamingo that starts with an S that served (all in the past for them now) great soft-shell crab but I was sooo disappointed the last time I went. Doh's soft-shell crab was breaded lightly and the dipping sauce was a bit spicier than most places. I definitely enjoyed this. 5\/5

Vegas Toast:
Breaded and deep-fried ham and cheese roll (no rice). The cheese was oozingly melted. 5\/5

Okonomiyaki:
I thought I already posted a pic before I deleted all the pics but I guess not. Fail! Squid and veggie pancake with katsu sauce, catsup and bonito flakes on top. I screwed up ordering this and I was the only one interested eating it - not because it wasn't good but because it was too heavy and filling. This is not for everybody though especially if you're not familiar with takoyaki and okonomiyaki. I liked it. 5\/5

Bossam:
And now, for the "bad". Steamed pork belly. This is how it's supposed to be prepared though so, our bad for only reading the "pork belly" part expecting marinated and grilled pork belly. This comes with onions and an oyster with gochujang. So since this is indeed bossam and not grilled pork belly this is 4\/5.
Took my in-laws here and dinner was outstanding. Service impeccable. Loved every part of this. So happy to have this culinary delight in our hood. A must try.
Two words: Super Burrito. It may not be as big as your head, but its as big as your late night appetite.  I suggest the steak version without beans.  However, they're very accommodating, so have them throw in some chorizo if you're feeling wiley.
This place drops in my book each time we go there. 90% of the time the floors are so slippery to walk on. 9 out of 10 times my pasta is always dry from sitting before they serve.  
Service is off big time
This was our first visit and we will definitely come back!  The food was very good, the dining room was very clean price was great for the amount of food we received! The Greekumbers were very yummy!
The only redeeming value of this hotel is the bed.  it is soft and comfy.  decor is trendy and minimalist.  only a wooden bench and a wooden desk chair in the room.  the room couldn't  be smaller.  closet is the size of a child's school locker.  people are nice at the desk but couldn't switch us to a room with two queens, no rollaway, no air matress,  room is a box with a bed, don't expect more.  I feel like I am in a dorm room.  good for 19 to 21 year olds.  hotel even has a candy bar in the lobby for those needing a candy fix.  carpets are worn in the hall ways.  If work wasn't paying for it, I wouldn't be here.  if you have any choice run away fast unless you need sugar fills your needs.
Not only are these apartments gross , but everything is falling apart. When you need maintenance they take weeks to come over. The neighbors at 10117 are rude and selfish. The lady above my cousin complains about every single thing. How about you leave your apartment once in a while and maybe you won't be so damn worried about what everyone else does. The leasing office is racist. They listen to everything people say about our apartment but when they come to check its proof we are within our lease agreement but still want to give us a nasty attitude. They have gardeners come in at 8am on weekends and weekdays when people are still sleeping and make a huge mess of things. The dog park trash stays completely full all the time (probably one of the nastiest features). I would never recommend living here. EVER. Rude staff, shitty attitudes and unprofessional.
I've been here at least a dozen times over the past five years and take anyone who is knowledgable or passionate about food here for dinner. 

Classic bistro fare refreshed with expert touches coupled with seasonal, local and frequently organic ingredients. This is the stuff dreams are made of for a northern californian transplant. Truly exceptional cuisine by any standard, knowledgeable and warm staff, well-curated and reasonably priced wine list, great drinks, intimate interior, terrace...this restaurant has it all. 

Wine and three courses = $60 - $75 per person (tax and tip included). In NY or SF, it would cost you almost double.

Rating Scale:
1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  
2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?
3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.
4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and\/or calorically feasible.
5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
This restaurant can be hard to find bc its tucked away in a corner of Bally's Casino. However, it's very modern, romantic, and charming.
Food is fantactic, with large portions for the entrees. The pot stickers and satay appetizers are both tasty. The chicken curry and shrimp fried rice are 2 of my favs as well. Drinks are meh...
What poor customer service!!!!
I sipped a box priority (2-3 day delivery) via Pebble Post Office on the 8th. As of the 11th, the package was not delivered. After the weekend, I returned to the Post Office to follow up on my package. Once there, I was told there was no way to find it without a receipt. Ok. The package returned to my home on the 17th; over a week after it was to be delivered. 
I call the office and spoke with Cheryl, the supervisor, about what happened. She was of no help. I came to the office directly  after speaking the her. How convenient, she was out within 10 minutes of our conversation. The staff were of no help. Soon as I got into the car, I called them post office to speak with Cheryl. She just happened to be available. What game are these folks playing?? 
Not only do they not want to speak to customers, they don't want to accept responsibility for there terrible service they provide. We pay taxes for that? No wonder the postal offices are closing. These "people" don't care about service, only a pay check. Save us some tax money, close the useless postal service.
Absolutely love this place! Came here on a Sunday with a girlfriend and we both loved the food.

We were running a bit late so we called the restaurant and they were so nice and had no issues pushing our reservation back by about 15 minutes.

Once seated we ordered some wine and sparkling water. I know this is something very minor but I loved that the sparkling water was nice and cold -- you'd be surprised how many restaurants give it at room temperature. We immediately ordered entrees and I ordered the Chicken Rigatoni Alla Vodka and my friend ordered the Bucatini Carbonara. Both of them were so so good. My Rigatoni had just the right amount of sauce and it was incredibly flavorful and they gave Parmesan cheese and red chili flakes on top and that just added the perfect touch. I had a few bites of my friends Bucatini and it was so delicious -- usually restaurants use spaghetti to make Carbonara but using Bucatini was such a great touch. I love that the egg was mixed perfectly in without scrambling it. My only regret is that I wish we had been more hungry to eat more!

I've tried A LOT of restaurants in Vegas but this is one where I will definitely return!!
I flew in from NY, and my mom ordered a special pie for my father's 70th birthday and confirmed the pickup time and date. When we drove over at the scheduled pickup time, the shop was closed. We have called and emailed several times, but the company has not responded, nor have they credited the card we used to purchase the pie. We had to call the credit card company to contest the charge, and we had to scramble to find a substitute pie\/cake for the birthday. We won't give them our business ever again!
Very happy with my first visit to this salon. Kelsey was great and my hair came out awesome!
I used to go here all the time.  You could use your credit card at the register,  great points system etc.     Now you have to type your phone number in to get points and then you get a series of text messages and I have to use their ATM now too?  Nah!  Start doing $175 ounce specials and I'll be back.  Too much BS for the overpriced product.  The staff is and always has been top notch, I'll give them that.  It's the corporate numbnutz who make the decisions that drive customers away.  They really do think the average consumer is stupid.
Well done Cindy and Ana. I forgot to take a picture of pizza,they made it very special and cheesy.I love it so much and its delicious too. By the way, everything in there taste good...
I always go to this place when I visit Phoenix since I have friends that live nearby and I love it for breakfast.  It's a great meeting spot to visit with friends.  I love their breakfast sandwiches and I have had their salads for lunch which are good as well. The only downside is that it's not that big so there is always a line but the food comes up quickly.  You can walk around and shop while you wait and they have lots of cute trinkets to buy.  The quality is decent for the price. The staff is not the friendliest all the time but I haven't had any bad experiences.  I wouldn't go our of your way for it but if you are nearby it's a cute place to stop and eat.  It's super casual and first come first serve to find a table.  You order at the counter inside the store which by the way is not a grocery store, and then can sit next door in the seating area.
Purchased the system having 7 layers of filtration, plus the alkaline drinking system. I have used two different water softeners in the past, plus an R.O. alkaline filter by itself, and this one seems very acceptable.  

In my case, the alkaline filter sputters out as if there are air pockets, even weeks after installation. After making a phone call, it was explained that this has to do with the pressure, and that after a few thousand gallons, that will not occur. Meanwhile, I wait for the air bubbles to dissipate before drinking out of the glass. It is not really good to drink so much air, from what I have read.  When Carla returned to test the water, it tested green. I expected it to test more on the ph side, but green is certainly better than orange!

Even with these gripes, I am very satisfied with H2O To Go. Sid is very informative; he even called me after I had spoken with a rep, to make sure I understood what was said. That is outstanding customer service. The system itself is quite easy to maintain. I would probably buy this product again.

***UPDATE: The water tastes better than ever, and the bubbles are disappearing. Also, I learned that the ppm is way under 200 ppm in the drinking water, which is the maximum count recommended for my new coffeemaker, so I am a happy camper! After all, maybe the reason some people complain about their coffeemaker breaking is the kind of water they put into it. Thank you, H2O To Go!
I was in Vegas for a wedding and I was so glad I found Patricia. I told her what I was wearing and what I was going for makeup. She totally delivered and made me feel so beautiful. We had a great convo during the session which is always great and she has a wonderful personality. I would totally look for her again if I needed my makeup done.
I was admittedly nervous about everything to do with purchasing a new home and especially having it financed with all of the new restrictions in today's market. However, Matt Baker made it truly simple and precise. I can not begin to express how knowledgeable and professional he is throughout the whole process. I would and do whole-heartedly recommend Matt and his team to any and all of my friends and business partners. Thank you Matt!
Greg P.
Kathy is amazing. I could tell from the moment I called her that she was professional and has the dog's best interest in mind. When Bandit had his first swimming lesson, Kathy let him play around the pool area so that he would feel comfortable before slowly taking him into the water. She built up his confidence, assuring him that she was his island. Once Bandit was comfortable in the water, she supported him as he took his first few paddles in the water. She is so amazing at reading dogs, so she knew exactly when to bring him close to reassure him and when to let him take a little bit of initiative. After the session, she toweled him off and had him play around the pool to further reinforce the positive experience he had. She is amazing and made Bandit so comfortable. She also explained to me what Bandit was doing and how he was doing, and also gave some great broader doggy tips. We just had his second lesson today and his ability is growing so quickly. Kathy even sang happy birthday to Bandit for his six month birthday! Bonus, the pup who never tires always settles in for a nice nap! After just two sessions, I can't imagine trusting Bandit with anyone more than I trust Kathy.
Probably the worst hotel on the strip with the worst customer service. They consistently miss simple expectations and also, continually fail to improve even with 2nd chances. 

They still charge a $30 resort fee and a $10 self parking fee... What is this resort still doing on the strip? Waste of space.
A new favourite Thai restaurant for me! I'm a very picky eater when it comes to Thai food but this place does it perfectly! We ordered the salmon ceviche flavoured perfectly! The som tam was a little too sweet for me but the BF loved it!! Portion sizes are definitely tapas style but the food itself was amazing!
4\/13\/17: I called in a to-go order for Singapore Mei Fun.  At the cost of over $10.50 (including tax), I was totally livid after I got home and found that I had paid that much $$ only to have a full container of mostly noodles. There couldn't have been any more than 3-4 shrimp, very little chicken, beef or pork, and practically no veggies to speak of. 
NEVER. EVER. AGAIN.
Alpha is hands down the best gym I've ever been to. However, it is more than just a gym. There is such a sense of  community and I truly look forward to going in every day. I have never felt "less than" walking into Alpha, all of the members are truly very supportive of each other, which is very refreshing. Tony, April and the coaches at Alpha are awesome, they will actually coach you and help you to meet your fitness goals. Since joining Alpha a year ago I have seen such a difference in my strength and endurance. I highly recommend Alpha to anyone and everyone.
Victor is the best massage therapist I have had his skills to find the problems are out of this world! !! I wish the best and will go with him when he starts his own mobile massage business that comes to your home and office. Wow keep up the great work Victor
The crowd here is definitely on the younger side. It looked to be filled with students, recent graduates, and young professionals. I think one of the main draws is the roof-top patio. It seems like a pleasant place for warm weather. In the winter, the patio is tented with space-heaters throughout preserving it as a cool place to hang out.

The guacamole and chips were okay. These days, everyone is a self-proclaimed guacamole connoisseur, so it's hard for restaurants to make guac which pleases every customer.
Really trying for something modern but seems like a flop! Canopy covering natural sunlight. Food was good until my friend found a hair in his fries. Served a soup without a spoon and yet all the serves were still somewhat attentive and working hard to pleased a full house
It's a great place to run around and look at all the books you can or maybe not can have. SO MANY. I love their big collection of manga and was pleasantly surprised to see Berserk there. I love that they have a little Starbucks in there and such helpful staff. Very relaxing place, I've wasted so many hours there just sitting down looking through at books.
This is the best pizza and wings I have ever had in my life.  I'm a pharmaceutical sales rep, so I travel everywhere.  When I come to Cleveland I make sure I eat at Joe DE's Pizzeria.  I live in Chicago, home of the pizza and every place I've tried at home has nothing compared to Joe De's.  Order a Deluxe pizza and chicken wings with buffalo sauce.   I don't know what some of these negative comments are for but I think they're trolling.
I am very disappointed in Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas. We checked in late last night, our room had been given away and we were told we were being upgraded for our troubles. Assured that it was a non smoking room.... It was absolutely a smoking room, it was an ugly old room-not at all an upgrade. All of us immediately felt sick from the smell. Next day after complaining we got moved to a non smoking room.... And were offered a free WiFi pass for one device. That's NOT a compensation for posting $200 \/ night and feeling sick! Shame on you Flamingo! You will be losing on a lot of business because of this!

Your go rooms look nice buy everything else is a dump and people like us have paid for this....NEVER AGAIN. 

tip to management.... DO A MUCH BETTER JOB WITH YOUR ROOMS AND CUSTOMERS OR YOU WELL GO BANKRUPT. PEOPLE TALK TO EACH OTHER AND WILL  READ THESE REVIEWS! 

I've never felt less likely to return to a hotel before.
My family and I frequent this place for gatherings - birthdays and other celebrations - it's been a norm for the past few years. The place has always been very reasonable with its quality and service. However, management has definitely changed. Portions shrunk. Service terrible. Truly disappointing.

Being a regular we forgave the 10 minute delay to be seated with our reservation and the lack of tea service. However, we noticed that the portion of roasted duck was smaller than usual; and the distribution of the flour wraps likewise. There used to be six cylindrical bamboo steamers per order. It was cut down to three this time. 

As the dishes arrived, we noticed everything seemed downsized. The second serving of roasted duck (which is usually the one with lettuce) was not specified on the menu as being something that required an extra charge\/order. Instead, we got a dish of a handful of duck pieces with more bean sprouts. It looked half eaten. Never before had we had this issue. 

The final straw was perhaps the fried noodle dish, pictured here. We saw the dish placed on the table and it looked like a deflated, leftover plate of noodles. When the waiter finally came to our call, he could not hide the evident and obvious portion issue. He said he would give us another serving of the noodles (guilty perhaps?). And indeed, he LITERALLY gave us another serving of plain fried noodles.

In the end, I don't think I will return to this business. The interior decor has always been one point of interest to visit it. But with the food and service as such, I'd take my family out to better Chinese restaurants in town.
My husband and I stayed at the Luxor because of a stupid Grandview tour that promised to pay for a 3 night stay at the Luxor Hotel.  We thought this was good idea.  :(

We were given a room on the 5th floor in the rear corner that had a view of the roof and the back of another building.  

The bathroom floor was dirty or maybe that was the design of the floor.,

No shower caps.  Window vents would not opoen. The glass decorations ourside the room were scratched.  

Maintenance men started working near our room at 0730 hrs.  I called to complain and the desk clerk responded to me as though it was not a big deal.

We hate the Luxor!!!
Food wasn't bad, not even close to Mexican... I mean, they asked me if I wanted cheese on my quesadilla. Pretty sure that's the queso part of the word "ques"adilla.
First I'll say that my review is based on personal preference. The bacon garlic fried rice was good - just a little salty and a little greasy. The ramen noodles are different from other ramen. It's more of a thicker somen noodle, which I didn't care for. But the thing I liked least was that the broth (or something added in) was sweet. I had the Kim Chee ramen and the sweetness ruined it for me. I'm expecting spicy and savory, but definitely not sweet. 

The restaurant was pretty full on a Sunday night, so it might just be my preference. Service was also good. But I wouldn't come back.
I've stayed here twice.
The first time it definitely seemed super cheesy and I wasn't overly impressed with the room. BUT they seem to have done some renovations because the 2nd time I went all of the rooms were really nice (the bathrooms especially with the glass shower, modern sink and TV imbedded into the mirror).
It may be for the older crowd, but they're definitely re-vamping and it's the best location on the strip- closest to everything.
Also, they offer dog friendly rooms which aren't gross (yaaaay!) and offer a little "potty area" outside which isn't great, but better than nothing.
Outstanding! Great food, great service, great prices, and great atmosphere. We have been coming here since before the grand  opening!
This was probably the best seafood meal I have ever had! And in Pittsburgh!! Who knew? 2 locals on the strip recommended this restaurant when I asked where we should eat atop Mount Washington. They both stated Monterey Bay Fish Grotto. 
The drinks were excellent, as was the ambiance. The view was amazing and we weren't even by the window, but elevated to where we could see everything. Incredible! The appetizer was to die for, and the meal itself was superb! I had the parmesan crusted swordfish, my husband had the crabcake with sea scallops, and our daughter had the crabcakes. All were cooked to perfection and plated beautifully. Our server knew what she was talking about and was very helpful in our selections. For dessert, we shared creme brulee and the angel food grilled cheese. Oh my word, talk about delicious! If you don't eat anywhere else in Pittsburgh, this is THE place to try!
The best pho in the west valley! I always get the beef brisket pho, and for appetizer I get the tofu stack. Yum! I love how the pho has the option of medium or large. Most pho restaurants have one size. The staff are really nice and the restaurant is clean and spacious. I will be honest; sometimes it takes too long for our food, or too long for our check or for them to come back for our check. But I know the servers are all friendly. This is my go-to pho restaurant on the west side!
Loved their Happy Hour. The pulled pork street tacos are outstanding. We plan to come back before we end our vacation in Scottsdale.
Outstanding ! as someone else said, service is  great, you can tell they have a regular staff and not part timers like the other venues in the area.  Food is is unique and varied and oh so good.... and man are the portions huge.

Great  job to the staff, you have something good going here.
was there 7\/21\/13
This might have been the best meal I have had in Champaign, arguably in my life (well outside of my Dad's BBQ :)).  The quality of everything was immaculate, and I am certainly a big fan now.  My family was seated right away, but with the U of I just letting out a few weeks ago seating was not a problem.  There was one little hiccup in service, but other than that I would not expect more from anybody working here.  

A nice wood bar up front, then a charming dinner seating section towards the back.  Some big windows that let in natural light, and a great patio outside.  Inside can get a little loud, but overall a really great feel to the place.

Ordered an appetizer of octopus carpaccio with swordfish as well as arugula, tomatoes and radishes.  Which was a fantastic starter.  The octopus was sliced so thin, but so fresh a tasty, along with being amazingly simple.  I had the spinach salad next.  With sliced pears.  Again, simple and beautifully tasty.  

So far in the evening, all the dishes have come out perfectly paced.  Though it took a while to get our entrees.  Which is the only small hiccup with service.  The entrees came out piping hot and incredibly prepared though.  The Linguine Portofino was great.  With a mix of sea food.  Anything from the massive mussels to clams, scallops, squid and shrimp.  Nothing was overpowering, and everything worked together.  On top of which, really fresh.  Which is particularly hard to do with a land locked Mid-Western\/Great Lakes town.  All pastas made in house, cocked great, and the olive oil is to die for.

Had a great, classic Negroni, and the wine selection seems up to par.  Everything was about as good as it gets for this sleepy college town, and can hold its own in any of the bigger metropolitan cities as far as I am concerned.  Overall fantastic.
Its called "The Best French Food in Chinatown" but a more apt nickname for this once great Bistro is "The McDonalds of Chinatown".  French food is to be enjoyed and discussed and for many it is a 3 to 4 hour delight.  With the previous owner that was the case with a must cheerier atmosphere and decor.  The current Chef and Owner changed the decor and attempted to keep Batifole as it was.  However, 2016 sees the decline of this once great restaurant in living color.  First what they do not tell you is that they book their table in 2 hour increments, and ask you to leave regardless if your meal is finished or not after that two hours or so.  If you happen to be that second table you are asked to wait until the table is emptied of guests.  On our last and final visit a drunk and belligerent mouthed off to us as he was obviously waiting for our table to clear.  As we were paying for the meal, which can only be done by the bar, this guy and his party moved outside.  As we were leaving we were attacked by Mr Drunk and his henchmen.  Once the fight was broken up they were escorted inside and we were summarily dismissed.  We have written to the restaurant to complain but of course we never received any kind of apology or acknowledgement.  If you like good french food there are other better run restaurants in Toronto with Batifole on its last leg.
5:00 pm on Friday before the Indians game. Full house. Garage door Windows all the way around the place. Beautiful day outside. Management has the Windows all closed because "the air conditioning is on".

Just about as dumb as you can get.

~~~

Edit after the response of the restaurant's manager:

First, it is good to know that management is reading these reviews (and responding). I hope it makes for a better experience for diners.

It is difficult, at best, to figure out how closing the windows on a nice day solves a problem with the air conditioning. Speaking without hyperbole, it was at least as nice outside the restaurant as it was inside.

And sitting on the other side of the bar, which was open, is a magnificent idea. Too bad that we were first told that "it wasn't open yet" and the hostess offered to let us know when it was while we waited at the bar, which we did. Eventually, we gave up and moved to a table so we could eat after again being told it wasn't open. Minutes later, we watched dozens of people move to the cool, comfortable and enjoyable side of the restaurant while we waited for our food. No hostess or wait staff offered to help us move. We were certainly past the point of caring by then.

There were four "hostesses" and clearly not one had a clue.

It's not a horrible place by any stretch (my hamburger was very good) but this kind of silliness is a turnoff.
It's a Big 5, so prices are the same...so basically this rating is almost strictly based on the staff, the few times that I have been here I have noticed that none of the employees are going to bust thier behind coming up to you and ask to see what you type of help you need, but if you ask you will get an answer, and the 1000 mile stare, no frills...kind of annoying but it is obvious the personality of the staff is a reflection of the management.  Could be better but could be worse...
I went into this incredible shop to buy a gift for a great friend who is tough to shop for.. the staff was engaging,  knowledgeable,  helpful and truly exceeded my expectations. Got my friend and INCREDIBLE gift and went back the next day and bought myself a few gifts... if you are interested in truly special cowboy gear, boots,  one of a kind items, Cave Creek Cowboy will NOT LET YOU DOWN!!
The Green Beanery is one of the many coffee shops within a 5-6 block span of Bloor around Bathurst.  So, what's special about Green Beanery?

Well, for one, this place  have a great spot at the South East corner of Bloor and Bathurst.  It's giant windows and plenty of stool seating make it a great spot for people watching.  The ceilings are much higher in this coffee shop (compared to the others in the area) and creates an wide open feeling you don't get at any of the alternatives.  Even with every seat filled, you don't feel cramped in here.

The other important thing to know about Green Beanery that in addition to being a coffee shop, it's a retail space for fair trade beans, coffee makers, espresso machines, and other related gear.  In fact, the store itself is a smaller part of a non-profit organization that sells fair trade coffee products across Canada.  Noble stuff.
Love this place! I've been here several times and I've enjoyed each experience. I love the environment and decor. The food is delicious and the beers are tasty! Service can be slow on busy nights so bring good company (parking is limited on busy nights!)... the wait is worth it.
Terminal 4 baggage claim is incredibly slow. Add a nice long baggage delay to your expected arrival time and be ready for the carousel to change too. I am here very often and this is typical for Sky Harbor.
DO NOT SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY HERE!!!
I bought a chest, media chest and a night stand. I spent $900 for everything. The salesman told me everything would be shipped within 7-10 days. On arrival day (the tenth day), i waited until around 4pm before i gave them a call. I waited 30 min just to get an answer on what was going on. They told me they didn't ship the items because the media chest was missing. I had to reschedule the delivery on my day off which was the following week. Customer service said that they would call me the next day to update on my missing item. I got no call back. The day before delivery, i decided to call them to make sure everything was to be delivered. After waiting about an hour (being hanged up on twice), they said two items were missing and that they can only deliver a nightstand. The following day (delivery day), they call me informing me that the media chest is missing because ashley furniture discontinued the item. I cancelled the whole order and got my money back. Unfortunately i had to pay for a restocking fee of $72. PLEASE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND NEVER SHOP HERE!!
This was one of our favorite casual restaurants during our trip to Las Vegas. The chips were amazing. We ordered a variety of entrees and they were all amazing. 
I liked the atmostphere of the restaurant. It towards the middle of New York New York on the ground floor, but it is away from the loud noises coming from the casino. It is in the middle of a cute New York street, which i enjoyed. They have an inside of the restaurant as well as what looks like a patio. It was fairly quiet for it being in a casino. 
The service was excellent. We got everything in a timely manner.
This was our go-to hotel for the Consumer Electronics Show, as it's an easy walk to LVCC and even the Sands\/Venetian, plus right near the strip. The front lobby is very nice and there's no smoky casinos to walk through.

We always appreciated the no-nonsense rooms with refrigerators, even though the rooms are very motel-like. They're spacious enough, and the rates are good.

Unlike most Vegas hotels, this one has a coffee maker, which is nice.

But this time around, we had a room where nothing worked -- refrigerator, outlets and other stuff needed maintenance right away. We could live with that.

What we couldn't live with was a big blood stain that went from the bed cover all the way down to the mattress, as if someone were shot. We didn't notice it until lifting the cover because the cover is one of those very busy, very low-class kind of things.

Service department was slow and nonchalant. We left that night and had to work with the kind folks at hotels.com, where we booked and prepaid.

Still working on getting the refund. 

Sadly, we had already prepaid $40 x 3 for Wi-Fi access for three devices for five days. We won't be seeing that money.
I ordered the hainanese chicken and it was delicious!!! My husband ordered a curry chicken.  Highly recommend this place.
Second visit. Was seen as soon as i walked in, no wait time. Staff is kind, thoughtful and professional. Painfree with headphones and massage chairs. Love this place.
Honesty and great work. The issue with my truck was under warranty, so these great folks hung on to my truck until I was able to get back from California to get it to the Chevrolet dealer. I'd return to them again for vehicle maintenance.
A billion Chinese eat rice everyday.....you'd think a restaurant that boasts being a Chinese Bistro would have figured out by now.....how to cook rice....but this one hasn't.....sent back the raw rice and got a fresh 'n hot bowl of raw rice the second time too....whoever was working the pass tonight definitely needs to work on quality control and needs a new pair of glasses, you could see the bright white raw grains in each bowl...Panda Express was sending out better rice tonight....service was great and all of our other dishes were fine....but to serve raw, the simplest staple of Chinese cuisine....epic fail.....
The fish tacos are tiny. The atmosphere is good and the service is good. Nothing else to say in this review.
This place is awesome! Brittany fixed my glasses (a screw had come off and so the arm had come apart from the rest of my glasses), and made them look & feel like new! My glasses are over 2 years old and have been through some rough times (to put it lightly), so that was quite a feat. The best part? It took less than 5 minutes and she didn't charge a thing! Amazing customer service, I will definitely be back for any future issues with my glasses :)
Stopped in on a whim.  Resturant was small, very well air conditioned on a hot day.  Very Clean. Ordered Mongolian Beef, came with hot tea and I ordered Spice Sour Soup.  The soup was very good.  The MB was good but I had to add a dozen spoons of Chili Sauce to spice it up.  It came with fried rice and I would have to say for $5.99 it was a pretty good deal.  The waitress was there when I need a refill and I have no complaints.  I would recommend this place for quick, reasonably priced Chinese food and I'll order something new the next time I go in.
I was concerned it would be dungy and factory-like but it's quite a nice pub and spacious.  Lots of pool tables and tv screens. Wings were not the greatest though.
Dr. Death takes care of the pest control at my apartment complex. Before this company, I used to see various bugs and spiders roaming about & sometimes even in the house! Since Dr. Death, I haven't seen any bug activity in or around my home. Helps me sleep easier knowing there aren't any critters causing a ruckus!
We've heard some great things about the buffet at the M Resort so on our way home from LV, my friends and I decided to check it out... only to find the line was approximately two hours long. BEH... no thank you. So we mosied on over to Hash House to get something to eat, where we only waited 45 minutes, at the max; I was actually reading reviews of this place while waiting and was very excited to try it. 

The restaurant itself is really nice. The decor was on point, modern and spacious. The staff was friendly and our server would stop by to fill our water even though it wasn't too empty; I love that though. The food came out pretty quick, given that they were pretty busy.

Everything on the menu looked delicious. I opted for the Crispy Cornmeal Salmon Sandwich, which was HUGE! Like seriously, I felt like the sandwich was as big as my face. As much as I wanted to like it, I would've liked more if it was more seasoned (like maybe more pepper or more of that chili-mayo stuff); I like things hot and super seasoned. I also got the Hash House side salad with the creamy cucumber dressing with corn croutons, which was cool and refreshing.

All in all, the ingredients were fresh and the portions are ridiculously big (so go hungry). I must say though, that I really wanted to like this place, like I REALLY wanted to like it. But because everything I tried was kind of bland, I didn't. Maybe I'll just try something else next time. And just for the record, OMG I feel so bad writing something mean; like seriously, I feel so bad right now :( BOO! Now I feel like a mean person LOL

FYI: If you're hungover, you probably don't want to sit by the windows because it's bright as hell.
I visit this location very frequently, I love the almond and coconut milk option being lactose intolerant. The staff is so awesome, they remember their regulars fairly well, and when I cant decide on what to drink they make "surprise" drinks, that never disappoint.
very cool hip place to have a bite to eat and in a way relax. Its like eating fresh pizza in your friends livingroom. My hubby and I went for lunch before we went to see a movie and was perfect. Drank a Az ice tea and ate a huge slice of pizza and shared the philly fries ( amazing btw) and watch the 70's show ..lol was very cool.
Came here for dinner on a weekday night based on their poster of the combo dinners outside.

The food and drink was true to the poster outside and we were pleasantly surprised.  For $10 you get a main plus 2 veggie sides plus rice plus a milk tea with grass jelly ( my fav!).  Good value and food tasted good.  We ordered the taiwanese basil marinated chicken and the popcorn chicken meal.

Seating in the chairs was a little uncomfortable, but the cart seats were fine.
I came into this place today at 2:30 pm almost spending $30.00 for a business lunch... I was totally disappointed with the quality of my food ! It had a spoiled smell from the time it landed on my table ! Not only did I not eat the food but after speaking to the owner it was clear this wasn't or isn't the place for good food or service ! The owner offered me nothing more than more I would assume spoiled food ! Beware !!!!!!!
We as individuals often forget to say "Thank You"  to those that help us in times of need!  Last evening (Saturday 8P) my vehicle developed a punctured tire.  Upon arriving at the Pep;   "Tire Doc and Eldorado Man "  went beyond the call of Duty.  Within a short amount of time, the tire was repaired, hands shaken and an appreciation for the care and quality given!!!  As an avid customer to the Pep for the past two decades plus, my deepest appreciation for your help!!!  Sincerely.. Capt.D  ---  If offered a ride on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat...Just  Get  In---
It's a nice little spot that I've taken a few friends to. 
Cant go wrong with a clean environment and fresh food ;)
Got my tattoo a few years ago. My boyfriend got 2 and his mom got her 1st one ever. We went in a few days before we got ours so they could draw them up. I was very impressed with everyone at the shop. They made us all feel right at home and all of our tattoos turned out amazing!! My boyfriend and I plan on getting more when we go in may.
Stopped in for a movie on a Saturday night with my Mom and sister.  Parking wasn't a problem.  No wait for tickets, but I must complain that they did not have a military discount.  Most theaters do.  There was also no line for the snacks at the food counter!  I got my usual kiddie combo.  The staff were super friendly, helpful, and attempted their usual up-sell but not in an annoying manner.  I saw a room reserved for birthday parties which I thought was cute.  

The theater itself had plenty of room and wasn't that full.  The chairs were comfortable although one chair my sister initially sat in was missing an arm.  We moved over and the 3 of us got quite comfy.  The screen had great visuals and the surround sound was great, mind you we were seeing Black Swan, which is a ballet film.  Good experience at this theater.
Absolutely terrible service, usually things are slow here but today was ridiculous.  I walked in, and the line was moving so slowly that I just left.  My friends who stayed told me that it took forever for them to get their food.  I don't understand how this place stays in business.   Do not come here if you value your time.
Watch out guys. I got a website comment post and called to get an answering service. I asked for the company name and fond this http:\/\/www.ripoffreport.com\/r\/mass-marketing-solutions\/phoenix-arizona-85048\/mass-marketing-solutions-national-email-servicemass-marketing-solutionsmass-marketing-dat-1215329 I am all about research and I must stop here. Watch out guys.
I suffer from a gluten sensitivity, and I am also vegetarian. Fries are also one of my favourite comfort foods (okay let's be real - foods in general), and thus my heart breaks whenever I hear about or see people eating delicious poutine goodness (and my tummy aches for days when I secretly indulge at Sneaky Dee's in poutine during drunken blackouts). So, upon hearing that Poutini's had GLUTEN-FREE VEGAN graving, I was jumping at the opportunity to try it. 

I have walked by Poutini's a few times late at night and it always looks insane, and I concur with the other reviews that it's chock-full of girls much younger than me who look twice my age in teeny dresses, and guys with armbands tattoos (sorry if any of you have those). And that picture is not my idea of a good time. But the other day when I was very hungover and feeling very blue, my friend treated me to Poutini's and we both got to experience it for the first time.

It's a small, cutely decorated place with fun music. The three employees working were extremely helpful and kind in regards to my inquiries about the gluten-free, vegan gravy. Most of the time, people either a) don't know what I'm talking about b) don't give a shit or c) become aggravated with me despite my trying to be polite. But the guys at the counter helped me out, and even warned me that the gluten-free gravy was kind of spicy (they wanted to make sure I was okay with that). They apologized saying that the gluten-free gravy would take a little longer., but in no time at all, my poutine was up. I would hardly call five minutes a long time, and I thought it was nice they let me know beforehand, just in case.

The gravy was burning hot (which I love, I think hot, fresh food should actually be hot and not cooled down as if it's been sitting there for eons), there are ketchup bottles all over the place so I was able to partake in my serious ketchup addiction to my heart's content, and the place was quiet enough for my friend and I to take the only two chairs in there to sit on. 

The employees even asked me how the poutine was, they were curious as they hadn't tried it themselves and wanted to ensure I liked it. It had a bit of a kick to it, but was not too spicy at all. They talked to me for a bit and then let me continue eating. I thought it was really cool they checked up on me to see how I liked it.

The only things I didn't like about my experience at Poutini's was the fact that there were only two chairs, and there is no washroom. As the owner of the world's smallest bladder, the latter was cause for concern.

I will definitely be back for more hangover, sad day food!
Surprisingly good breakfast options and both locations are hopping at lunch. Diverse menu options makes it easier to order in lunch for the office.
This is the worst place I have ever lived in my entire life and I lives in Seigel Suites when I first moved to Vegas. The front desk people are incredibly rude and not at all helpful, they tell you you get a $100 fee refunded but you don't. There are MANY MANY hidden fees when you sign the lease. I had maintenance come fix a bunch of things and they came in while I was in the shower (The walls are thin, you can hear the front door open and slam shut) when I had specifically told them to not enter my apartment unless I opened the door for them. I got food poisoning from drinking not even a full glass of tap water. The pool is disgusting, the BBQs by the pool never work. Maintenance takes forever to come fix anything, my air conditioner has been broken for half the summer. They say they will give you extensions on your rent, when I lost my job and asked for a 4 day extension (I could pay half on the 3rd and the rest of the 7th) they said "Oh sure! But there will still be late fees applied. $50 the first day it's late, $45 the second day and $10 a day after that. I asked how that was an extension, it would be the same if I had never asked for one or even paid half my rent and they had no words for that. People come and go as they please, the gate serves no purpose at all. Cars will just wait for someone to leave and then drive in. Security is a joke. I wish I had never moved into these horrible awful apartments. I wish I could tell everyone who tries to live here to just find somewhere else to live. ANYWHERE else.
Checked out Jjanga for the first time. Service was nice and quick. The food was okay. The nigiri tasted fresh, but came with a lot of rice. The few rolls and appetizers we got had too much sauce.
We came here for father's day dinner on our last night in Montreal.  The location is lovely - on a pedestrian street just off of a beautiful park.  It was a nice night, so we sat outside on the patio to enjoy the weather and the view of the park.  They were out of the foie gras appetizer when we arrived, so we opted to get the charcuterie platter for table.  The platter contained an interesting variety of meats, cheeses and accoutrements and was large enough to be an ample appetizer for 4.  For our mains, 2 ordered the lamb shank (myself included), 1 ordered the duck confit, and 1 ordered the gnocchi in foie gras sauce.  The lamb shank was well cooked, fall off the bone tender.  The whisky barbecue sauce was a nice accompaniment, but did not overwhelm the dish.  I could tell there was some nice marrow in the bone, but was unable to get to it!  I sampled the gnocchi, which was light and tasty, and the gnocchis had a nice sear on them that enhanced the dish.  I did not get to try a large portion of the duck, and while I thought it was good, I thought the other two dishes were more impressive and unique.  All of the dishes were enjoyed, however, and all in all it was a lovely evening.  We must have been there near the end of the night on a Sunday, because as the dinner went on, the kitchen had a fun atmosphere and was playing music to get through what must've been a busy weekend.  I thought this was a lovely way to end our experience in Montreal.  Worth stopping by if you are in town!
Great food and drink! Had the Holy Guacamole as an appetizer, Flautas for main meal and Classic Mojito to drink . Our waiter, Carlos, was pleasant and very helpful. My husband , children and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will definitely stop by again!
A nice average\/above average French restaurant in the Paris hotel, with reasonable prices. However it ranks high because of the genuine cultural ambiance and the lack of attitude and pretentiousness along with reasonable prices, all rare in Vegas. The onion soup was good - not great but very good. The escargots were very nicely spiced and arrived sizzling hot. The "sushi grade" ahi tuna was fairly fresh although not extremely fresh and the spicing with pepper was a tiny bit off. Scallops were good although very slightly undercooked in the center. It's important to say, that all of the food was very edible and enjoyable and these are just quibbles. Espresso drinks were actually good, not the watery swill you get elsewhere in Vegas. For 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, alcohol for one, and 2 espresso drinks, the tab was $93, which I thought was very reasonable. Appetizers are around $10-12 and main entrees are around $18-22. The service was excellent and professional and quick. We got to sit on the patio and watch the fountains and the people walking by. Very fun and a break from being in a dark cavern inside somewhere. By the way we have eaten here three times and keep coming back because there doesn't seem to be another outdoor bistro quite like this on the Strip.
Follow up: 

I went to Elba again for another Keratin treatment ( I get keratin treatments every 4-5 months.) Excellent work again, Elba! My hair looked fantastic (and still does!)  I received many compliments from friends and co-workers.  Anytime I hear anyone say they need to get their hair done, cut, colored, treated, whatever, I will refer them to Elba! Thanks again!
Awful  organization .ongoing billing discrepancies.  If anyone needs help to battle these scammers.  I will assist you in your money back efforts if needed. They are willing to lie steel and cheet to accomplish their goals 
Very underskilled at what they do.
Freaking amazing.  How do they make their burritos taste so delicious? And the green sauce at every table.  Love it! Fast, polite and so good.
When I moved to Pittsburgh a year ago, I crossed state borders with the assumption that the Steel City's night-life (especially the live music scene) would be lacking. While our city could do some work on offering late night dining, the live music scene happily surprised me. One of the first places that I sought out live music in Pittsburgh was at the Fairmont Hotel on Fifth Avenue. The bar at the Fairmont is called Andy's, and it's everything that you want from a hotel bar: large, professional, and true to Pittsburgh. Named after Andy Warhol himself, Andy's doesn't just know how to make a great Manhattan and give off a contemporary-art vibe. They also serve a fulfilling American and offer live jazz music throughout the week (http:\/\/andyswinebar.com\/jazz\/). It gets even better, though. After several months of living in Pittsburgh, I realized that most downtown restaurants close fairly early (10pm on weeknights, or midnight on weekends). When I have found myself in a pinch and starving during late hours, I have always been able to strike gold at the bar at Andy's. They serve food past midnight!

The bar environment is quiet, friendly, and professional. This is the kind of bar that you go to when you don't feel like talking to anyone. At the same time, I have met some fascinating people at Andy's since it is in the Fairmont. The bartenders do make a mean Manhattan (my favorite drink) and they have a variety of alcohol's available.

The food menu is diverse, offering a variety of American fare items. Being vegetarian, Andy's Wine Bar strikes gold for me again because they serve a fantastic veggie burger! My favorite part though, is that when you ask for condiments (ketchup, mustard, and mayo), they give it to you in glass baby Heinz jars. So cute! I'm weird and save the jars because I have this obsession with all things Pittsburgh and happen to live in the Heinz Lofts! (Read my review on the Heinz Lofts, here: https:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz\/heinz-lofts-pittsburgh)

Andy's is a great place to unwind after a long day at work, meet some new folks visiting Pittsburgh at the bar, enjoy live music, or enjoy late night dining. I highly recommend Andy's to professionals in the city. It's a breath of fresh air, after trying so many equally wonderful but very different restaurants and bars in Pittsburgh.

Enjoy! 

- Xoxo, A 
(a California girl living in Pittsburgh on purpose)
The Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich? Absolutely to die for!!! I live off these when I go to Vegas.
My husband, friends and I eat here about once a month.  The steaks are delicious, salmon is amazing.  I recommend the potato gnocchi, mashed potatoes and the HUGE asparagus.  Saturday nights there's a DJ that can be a little loud, but great atmosphere.  Every time we go, we get the s'mores dessert and cupcakes.  You won't regret your experience.
The opportunity to see Porgy and Bess was the perfect way to celebrate Black History Month. I had always heard the musical referenced in pop culture and knew some of the songs but I never actually watched the play before.

I skimmed the play's website a little beforehand but decided to surprise myself by not delving deeper into learning the plot. I didn't really know what to expect and that was good.

I brought a date and we hunkered down with our sippy cups per Rachel's suggestion.  And my date grabbed napkins which I thought was strange until later on here's why.

I cried for about 50-60% of the show. I figured I would get a little misty but the streaming tears just kept on coming.

1. The actors had beautiful voices. I didn't know it was going to be operatic.
2. The plot transported me back in time and I was really feeling down for my people. The struggle the grit, it was really emotional. I felt like I was in the book "Their eyes were watching God" but with songs.
3. Porgy's status as a cripple in society.
4. Bess' inability to do right.
5. Hard choices.

The musical was respectfully done, which is amazing considering the point in history when it was penned.

The play spoke to me in a beautiful way. I was glad to see a well attended and diverse turn out.
Took my 6 year old to urgent care next door to this place. I saw the owners bring the secretary a lunch so I asked her about it. I'm so glad I went there! My boyfriend and I got a to go order(meatloaf sandwich, turkey, cheese, and avocado sandwich, and butternut squash soup). The owner brought the order to me and talked to my son(with his broken wrist). She played with him and then gave him a DELICIOUS chocolate chip cookie! I was driving home I reached in and pulled out the buttered bread that came with the soup. It was the best bread I have ever tasted! I live 25 minutes from there, but have to make more trips to the urgent care for my sons injury! I can't wait to go back there! I really want to try everything there! I wonder if they can sell me a whole loaf of their bread??!!!
Had such a great lunch! Butter chicken mac n  cheese, and a butter chicken samosa. The entire menu looks delicious, will definitely be back to try more!
Great good, great services, and great prices. I have used these guys for catering and they provide great service and good time after time!
Overall, I thought this place was very good  I'm a Mexican food snob from San Diego. This is not humble street food, which is awesome in its own right.  This is good Mexican food for Americans.  My server was awesome.  I wish I could remember her name to give her a shout out.  My overall impression is all the servers were great, which is contrary to some of the negative reviews.  The food was very good.  My only complaint is I ordered the shrimp tacos a la cart, and I was expecting standard chili shrimp \/ shrimp diablo tacos, but they were sweet, with pineapple.  I wasn't expecting that, and would have ordered something different.  I think they should explain the item on their menu, and maybe offer a couple types of shrimp tacos, to include the Baja standard chili shrimp tacos.  But I sampled food from my family's plates, and it was all great.  We will be back.
My wife and I wanted to try something different for lunch on the way home from church. Yelp brought up this place and we decided to try it out. 

Really delicious! It's a very different take on the burger- so be prepared for a place that serves them completely differently than normal. 

They stuff their burgers. This means exactly what you think it does. And yes it works! They cut their burgers in half and serve them almost like hotdogs, serving the fixings on the side so you can assemble them to whatever style you'd prefer. 

Their signature outrageous sauce is pretty good. 

They bring out the fries to your table before the burger, treating them like appies which is kinda fun. However, it is a very salty meal, whichever option you go with, so be prepared for a very fast food tribute!

Would go again!
Great tacos, burritos and friendly service! Came here off of another yelp recommendation and was not disappointed.
The food so far has been Awesome. The veggies are fresh, the rice is light and the Walnut Shrimp is indescribable. Yum.
I have been wanting to try this place for a LONG time. So long that I forgot all about it. But, recently it came up again, and I was really excited to go.

First of all, I will admit that what initially caught my eye about the place was the name. I love elephants...this is The Elephant Bar...what can be bad??

My husband and I were were meeting a group, and we arrived early so we sat in the bar and ordered drinks while we waited. There were 2 bartenders working and both of them (at different times) greeted us and made menu suggestions. I was impressed because the bar area was pretty full.

When it came time for dinner, Lisa was our server, and she was awesome. Sometimes when you dine in a group the service suffers, but not here, she was even on top of refills. Again, I was impressed.

The restaurant itself was nice enough. Other yelpers have pretty much nailed the decor.

I ordered the Mongolian Beef w\/o mushrooms and hot peppers. It was fabulous AND they didn't mess up my special request!! I gave it an A. My husband ordered the Ribeye Sandwich & the Mac N' Cheese. The Mac N' Cheese was visibly dry, but overall he gave it a B+.

Others in our group ordered the pear salad, which looked beautiful, the Orange Chicken which I was told "was good, but not very orange-y".

My only regret is that I did not leave room for dessert!! Some of them looked pretty amazing!!

Overall, I was not disappointed with The Elephant Bar. I was most impressed with the great service, but the food was very good too. I am rarely in the Green Valley area, but I would definitely dine here again.
I'm quite surprised by all the negative reviews here... I just moved into the neighborhood and came here (Friday lunch at noon) for a quick lunch with my fiancé. Once I sat down and ordered I decided to look it up on Yelp. I was so nervous waiting for my food... thinking it'll be horrible... but it really wasn't! I would probably give them a 4 star but I do think that they deserve an extra star given all the negative reviews here. Maybe they changed to address their customers' concerns!

Re: service - we didn't wait that long, maybe we were one of the first customers, but they also had lots of take out orders, our food started to arrive within 10 minutes

Re: food - we ordered 4 dishes and lamb kabobs, they were all large portions and tasted good. Perhaps all our dishes were stir fry dishes so it came quick, I can see that some of their hot pot dishes will take a longer time to cook. Please see photos for detailed description.

Re: price - it's not on the cheaper side but the portions were large enough I thought it was ok. For me personally, all except one dish had a reasonable price. The spicy cabbage was $10 and usually in other restaurants it's one of the cheaper items, but this was the most expensive one from all our dishes.

Anyhow, I enjoyed my visit and I'm happy to come back. Give them a try. I will update next time if my experience changes!
I love Doubletree hotels. This one was no different. I think they have the best beds. This particular Doubletree hotel was very clean and had a nice staff. I did have a problem with the final billing, but they immediately corrected it when I called the front desk. I normally stay on a higher floor, but this time I was on the 3rd and heard all the outside noise. I didn't like that at all. I also think the hallway was pretty noisy as well. I wish they had better insulation or noise barriers. There is a parking deck associated with the hotel that will cost you $14\/night. However, you can take your chance and park on the street for free if you are visiting on the weekend. I will definitely stay here again (but on a higher floor).
The wings are really good and the service is great! We had hot, spicy bbq, lemon pepper and parmesan flavors. Those were the best parmesan wings I ever had! Don't let the older shopping plaza fool ya!
I love ICE CREAM!!!

Bruster's has a great selection of delicious homemade ice cream.  They use real ingredients and have different kinds every day.  I love the mint chocolate chip, raspberry chocolate, and double chocoalte chunk.  

Milkshakes - they will make you any kind of milkshake that you want.  You can use any of the flavors and fruit that you want.

The employees are always friendly and courteous.

A couple items to note:  
1.  Bruster's offers doggy dishes for our furry friends.  Small scoop of vanilla ice cream with a dog bone.  Free with purchase.
2.  They have a frequent visitor card that is free.
3.  If you take anything to go they will separate the ice cream and the toppings such as hot fudge.
4.  They offer a day camp in the summer that shows the children how to make ice cream.

I do beleive their ice cream is a bit pricey.  I am willing to spend the extra money for great tasting ice cream.

I love Bruster's ice cream!
I have been coming to Greenfield Nails and Spa since they opened under the current management.  The service and work has always been the highest quality and I've brought friends and family here to be treated to a wonderful experience as well.  
     Last Monday morning at 9:00 a.m. I went in, without an appointment, and thought I would just take a chance on getting a gel mani and pedicure done in the hour and 15 minute time period that I had available.  Since this is a very popular salon, it is usually best to have an appointment, but I knew from experience that Monday morning is less busy than some other days or in the afternoon.  Wow!  Talk about service!  I was given two wonderful nail techs who worked on my mani and pedi simultaneously and I was out of there in one hour and five minutes.  Perfection!
     There are other times when I enjoy a less hurried pace, and I am always pampered and well cared for.  I have a favorite gel color that I always request, #15 Pedal Faster Suzi.  Everybody in the salon remembers that it is "my color" and the fact that they have taken the effort to know what I want really impresses me.
     Everybody is extremely friendly and they call me by name, which is a big plus in my book.  If I could afford it, I would be in here nearly every day, just because the process is relaxing and fun.  As it is, I am in here at least every two weeks.  Yes, my nails last longer than two weeks.  However, i come in just for a little pampering and "me" time, and I always feel like I got more than my money's worth.
     Love this salon!
New to vegas and we were looking for some awesome kbbq, and with the help of yelp we were able to find this treasure, Gangnam kBBQ is delish! you just have to give them a shot! Good ambience, customer service was on point and price range is not bad at all! Give their Harami Miso ( outside skirt steak ) a try you will not be disappointed!
We were very impressed by the professionalism by our inspector Woody.  He showed up on time and was very detailed in his inspection of the house.  He took time to stop what he was doing and answer any questions we had and also engaged us to show us things he found.  When he was done, he completed entering details into his computer, and then printed out a summary of his findings. We hung out in the kitchen as he went over them with us and was happy to answer any questions we had, or offer some advice when we had concerns.  Great home inspection experience!!
I have been going to the Salon for the past three years. They are AMAZING! You walk in and they take your purse and give you anything you want: coffee, tea, wine, etc. And the wash house OMG it's to die for, you will literally fall asleep from the amazing massage they give you. I'm finally writing this review because I had the most amazing experience by a stylist named, Gina. She was so personable and made me feel and LOOK like a million bucks for my birthday! She was patient with me and did a style on me that I absolutely loved! I enjoyed her so much I made my husband go to her to get his hair cut and he came out looking like a stud muffin, I was so impressed!!! All of the ladies are amazing, but Gina, she just has that extra omph!! You will love her!!
Terrible service ! Employees ignore you !
You can be waiting forever even when hardly any customers.
well i wanted a place at center strip. would i have gone for the flamingo for a little more money, knowing what i know now? yes.

but... hey, can't complain. it was a little shoddy, a little dirty, and totally just fine. we had a balcony! which my sister's suite at the mirage did NOT! so there.

the buffet was fine. nothing to write home about, but so far no food-borne illness, which i'm all about.

so yes, it may not be much of a step up from the motel 6, but it is a step. a good deal at center strip. and if you're spending too much time in your room you're doing something wrong anyway!
We came here for a wedding and had a great time. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The venue itself is nice as well.
This place sucks !!!! They charged us an extra 15$ and when we were explaining that that was way more then what we bought was worth! And then instead of fixing it to the price of what it was supposed to be they sat there and argued w us for 20 min and after we left it wasn't even the right Order!!
Walked in and smells like urine really bad. So we are going to a different Denny's
This review is for weekend lunch. Tldr; a lot of things right, a few flaws from kitchen dishes 3.5\/5. I'd put kuu pretty close to Kaka but not at the same level

Sat we came for an early mother's day lunch, it was 17.99. It was pretty packed but wasn't too crowded. We waited 10min. And were taken to a nice round table by the window. The chairs in this section of the resto were these blue armchairs. Very comfy. 

As soon as you go in you can see the salad bar which has a nice array of salads and soups. They were pretty good quality. I really enjoyed their crab salad and mango salad. Miso soup abd wonton soups were flavourful too. So far so good.

We ordered a whole bunch of sushi and rolls. There was such a big variety, I loved it. The fish were generally fresh for an AYCE but the fish to rice ratio was average. My favourite rolls were the ones with torched fish, the kuu roll and dynamite roll, very flavourful. The staple rolls like the spicy salmon roll were all made well and tasted good.

My only criticism for this resto comes from their kitchen dishes.. we got the pineapple shrimp fried rice, curry fish, Cantonese chow mein, pad Thai, baked mussels. Chow mein was actually good. The rice, pad Thai, and curry were all underwhelming and lacked flavour(as if ingredients were mixed in a bowl and heated in 5 minutes).. very disappointing as they came in huge portions.. very different from their rolls(comes in 3 pcs) and beef orders(comes in small bowl) which came in small amounts so you can order to taste. Also, a lot of orders over use mayo. I'm not quite sure if that is a certain style of cooking but eating a tablespoon of mayo with a single mussel is not my thing.. if you stay clear of these certain food dishes.. you'll enjoy your time for sure. Loved the self-serve soft serve ice cream at the end mmmm.
I loved the cranialsacral massage I got!  The environment was very healing and peaceful and I felt so much better when I left.  I am very much looking forward to my next visit.  I felt welcomed, respected, and very much taken care of!
This place is amazing! I've been wanting to go back since the Yelp event for brunch and I am so glad that I did! We arrived without a reservation, and our party of 3 was sat right away. 

The atmosphere is very chocolately - like you're inside of a dark chocolate bar. The menu is fun and whimsical, and there's a nice intro from Max Brenner that tells a little about his story. More chefs should do this at restaurants - its nice to know a little about the minds behind the madness. 

Although everything is literally dripping in chocolate on the menu, we were in much more of a brunch mood and settled for the BLAT (Bacon Lettuce Avocado Tomato) sandwich, the spicy chicken burger and the Brenner Burger..DELICIOUSNESS all the way around! 

Let me warn you - the portions are somewhat huge and if you are in a sharing mode, I suggest ordering an appetizer each and an entree to share. 

We couldn't make it to dessert - tummies were full. But we did have the Oreo milkshake in a really neat Alice mug. Sucker for all things Alice in Wonderland, it was a special treat to drink the shake out of a cup that demands you to Drink Me! 

Looking forward to revisiting again for dessert on a date night. There are so many options to chose from but I am particularly interested in the chocolate fondue. 

I should note that we used a Groupon for this - and if you ever see a Groupon or Living Social deal for Max Brenner - buy it!!!! Use it! Or give it to me - I love this place!
Great burger spot! I had the black bean burger as a substitute and was not disappointed. The chips were well seasoned and fresh as well. Finally, I topped it off with a red velvet shake which was amazing! Would definitely recommend this place! Only catch is if you are going on a weekend or busy week night is to get there early as seating is limited
I am moving out of this horrible complex after I was notified that they were raising my rent $200 for a new lease. This is $70 more than what they advertise on their website for new renters. The office staff informed me that the new owners were trying to attract a higher clientele. I find this comment disrespectful, rude and discriminating. I have no problem paying for something that is the right value. They advertise that their complex is the 'ultimate in style'. There is nothing remotely close to 'ultimate in style' for these townhomes except for the newly renovated leasing office. I would never recommend this complex.
Large selection of food, some unusual items. The service is a bit spotty, long periods of inattention from staff. The portion sizes are large, however, the flavor in some of the dishes was a bit off (compared to what we're accustomed to for those dishes). Overall, it's not a bad place, but just a bit 'cold'.
Pecan pumpkin cheesecake is good but I prefer the regular pumpkin cheesecake! The chicken Bellagio is amazing but big enough for 3-4 meals. Seriously my new fav! We ordered the sangria and the cucumber mojito, the bartender was off his game tonight. Our drinks were so sloppy and soaked on the bottom of the glass.
Wow!! The chicken is sooo good!!

The fries have this special spice which makes it really good.

Get the hot sauce on you chicken and dip your fries in it. 

This is food porn!!
Customer service here is nonexistent. I came in looking for something and she didn't even know what I was talking about. I thought they trained their beauty advisors to know about products in the store she asked a coworker and they didn't have a clue either. I asked for other suggestions and they also didn't have a clue about that. This location has bad customer service they never have what I need in stock and I will not be returning to this location and no I do not recommend this location at all. Sally's overall as a store has gone way way downhill. They used to have everything you needed and so much more but now they're barely in stock and they're extremely overpriced.
Clean and friendly, nice aesthetics and the vibe is good here. I love open brick walls, large plank wood floors, distressed leather furniture and friendly staff. This hotel has all of that. The rooms are rather tight, even for a petit suite but the bathroom is great and the shower has a huge rain head with great pressure. I'd come back but not before I'd first stay again at Place D'arms their sister property up the road. The only thing this hotel is missing is vaulted ceilings
I won't stay here again! The first room air did not work, switched to another room the next day & that air didn't work! Staff is friendly but did nothing in the way of upgrading our room. I will stay at Paris because they always make my stay a pleasant experience. BTW no WI-FI unless we left the room to go to Starbucks!
I always love coming to this branch. Anthony, the manager, never hesitates to assist me. Julia, Linda, Angela and Gisela all know me by name. They're compassionate with my needs and they make banking much easier for me. Angela is sweet and will sit with me for hours if need be to make sure my issues are resolved. Great management and staff. Keep up the good work, guys.
Holy Crap. These people are the most wonderful human beings of the week. I literally do not have anything bad to say about the magnificent body-workers of Triad Chiropractic. These people are saving my comfort, one vertebrae at a time.

I came in here today for my first visit to aid in the repair of my neck which was traumatized in my accident. I have never been a fan of Chiropractors, its always seemed like just a quick fix with no long term results, in my experience anyhow, but Triad is not just Chiropractic care, they are so much more. I went in, was given the undivided attention of Dr. Baca, who is an angel sent from above, for about an hour, where we went over everything from my family history to the events of my accident. From there he examined me and gave his prognosis, and then the treatments began. They do everything from Spinal adjustments to x-rays to Prolotherapy to Physical Therapy to ultrasounds. Its pretty much the one stop shop for auto injuries because not only do they do everything in their power to help you and make you feel better, but they also serve as a liaison between you and the insurance company you are dealing with. Its amazing. They even recommended me to the perfect accident injury lawyer and discussed with me all the possibilities with my case.

Its rare that I rave about anything to do with doctors.. I usually hate them all, but not here. I am actually wicked excited for my upcoming visits and finally feeling some relief. 

Seriously, even if you were not in an accident.. go here. Whether its for Headaches, Carpal Tunnel, Tendinitis, Sciatica, Chronic neck\/back pain, etc.. they will fix you!
Staff was friendly and loved the kids there undoubtedly, however my 10 month old son was not being watched well enough. He was coming home with scratches, bites, and just random issues that none of the staff even knew about until I brought them up. I consider it a horror story when my son has teeth marks on his arm so bad they become bruises for the next week. I would not recommend this place for babies...
I had the pork belly extra pork shout soup with thick noodles in regular broth.

Don't bother ordering extra pork belly - most of it can't be eaten because it's just fats! Regular broth is so salty that you can't even drink the soup. The thick noodles are good with the pork belly. I managed to finished the noodles, but the broth was just way too salty for me.

My boyfriend ordered the chicken with the jalapeno broth. Not worth getting extra chicken because it's so bland. It's like boiled chicken breasts basically. 

I like the appetizers. The Aloysius and the fried chicken are really good.

Portions are really good. Reasonably priced, but I felt ripped off getting the extra pork because I couldn't even eat half of it! For $14, it is not worth it! 

Service needs improvement. My boyfriend ordered a Coke twice and the server forgot! When we were actually first ordering, we mentioned it to the server but she was just in a rush and didn't get our full order. She just left. 
 
The place is always crowded and there's little place to move around. 

Not the best experience so far.
After a week of working in Las Vegas I stopped here for breakfast on the morning of my flight home.  The service was fantastic.  After no wait at all Kimberly offered me much needed coffee before I even sat down.  She took my order after a perfect amount of time and had more coffee and a helpful smile and request about whether I needed anything else just as I thought about it.  Breakfast was delicious and just the right size!   Thanks!
Whenever I go here, I can't leave without buying a french macaron. This place has a myriad of flavors, my favorite is raspberry. Then there are their buttery chocolate croissants, which are the best I've ever had. I believe these get sold out daily as I don't always see them on the counter, so come early if you want one. I normally go to the Tempe location, but finally got a chance to visit their Arcadia location, I have to admit I like this location more because its seems to be bigger and more open, but parking can be an issue since the place gets extremely busy during lunch.
The best Japanese food in Charlotte. I love it. Try the Shrimp and Snapper. It's great. Also the atmosphere is great and its family owned.
Vietnamesische Küche - wie in Vietnam. Wir waren vor ein paar Jahren in Vietnam - und mittlerweile schon sehr oft im Miss Tan Do. Was mittlerweile den Wunsch in uns erweckte, wieder in Vietnam Urlaub zu machen. Sehr empfehlenswert das Schwein mit der Pfeffersosse und als Nachtisch gebackenes Eis.
The price and taste are really good...there are other buffets cheaper or averaging the same with horrible quality.
The servers on the other hand are not great...they do not pay attention or come as often.
I wanted to check the place out because of all the great reviews... But I was not impressed. I called in for a pick up order and they told me 15 to 20 minutes. I waited 15 minutes then left. When I got there I waited another 15 minutes! The reviews said it was fast service but it wasn't for me...I ordered a pita and when I took a bite into it it fell apart in my hands! It was very dry with no mayo or sauce in it. I was disappointed with this place...
This hotel is awful. Despite Candlewood being an IHG hotel the shuttle only provides services to and from the airport and Epic. It does not take you anywhere else. Other IHG hotels in the vicinity will take you within a 5 mile radius.  

Myself and 2 other guests had to wait over an hour for the shuttle to pick us up from Epic. I called the front desk and was told they were going to check on the shuttle driver and did not receive a call back. By far thee worst experiences ever.

When trying to arrange for my shuttle to the airport I was told they would depart the hotel an hour prior to my departure! 

I've had to Uber to get dinner and shop.  I will not be returning to this hotel.
I noticed the other night that I gave this restaurant a 4 star rating, but really Sushi San deserves 5 stars.

They treat you like family every time from the first time.  I became a regular from the start.  I bought chopsticks on my second visit there because I knew I would be coming back for more.  And I returned just about every week after that.  And I've taken friends and roommates.

This is a family owned restaurant and the server is really funny and gives me free items once in a while.  I'm not saying to expect free items and I don't want to advertise that, but maybe that will be a perk for you.  It is for me!

Other than the great service and lovely family that owns the restaurant, the sushi is delicious!  The special rolls are really good.  I always end up eating more than I should because it's so good.

Favorites:
Just about all the special rolls
Mountain roll
Spicy tuna hand roll
Miso soup
Edamame
Really great food, but steep beer prices at $14 for 14-16oz craft beers. I ordered the lobster roll which was sooooo buttery and delicious - filled with giant chunks of lobster, a little mayo, and plenty of seasoning and butter!!! The restaurant was not very busy which is great if you want a quieter place for dinner off the beaten path in the Crystal Shops right at the entrance to Aria.
Loved this museum. I'm a huge fan of anything mafia related. Very informative and comprehensive. The use of the old courthouse is a great accent to the whole experience. Enjoyed every part of the museum!
I have never had such amazing service! My nail technician was Sarah! She was kind and didn't make me feel embarrassed of the bad condition of my hands and feet. Every other place I have been to you could tell they were talking about you. Not here! Her attention was on me and her service impeccable.  I will absolutely be back!
This was my first visit to this place and I have to say I love the atmosphere. Im giving this place 2 stars because of the service I was given- if it was based only on our server Sabrina I would give 5 stars. Sabrina was excellent- I recommend you ask for her when you're there. The gentlemen behind the bar and the other gentlemen who was a server, treated our party like we were a burden to be there. When I pay for a service I expect good service or at least some courtesy. I did not receive that from those two gentlemen whose names I did not get. I food and drinks took a while to come out but we did not complain- but the horrible service is what tipped the scale. Sabrina deserves 5 stars
This place is not "big" anywhere except the ego of the people that run this place. Came in on a Thursday night to a relatively empty dinning room and got seated at the bar. Our orders were not taken until 10 minutes later, even though we sat next the the cashier. Finally, we got the orders in and the real nightmare started. 

First, the neighbouring table that came in after us received their food before us. We had the miso ramen and the tuna tataki donburi; in my mind, our order wasn't anything overtly extravagant. My ramen was lukewarm and the noodle was overcooked. Although I am relatively competent in using chopsticks, I was unable to pick up the noodles without having them break up and fall back down into the flavourless brown liquid that claimed to be miso broth. Perhaps this was to allow the less proficient chopstick users to scoop up their food with the spoon. On the bright side, the pork slices were generously portioned. And the soft boiled egg was relatively flavourful. 

My dinner companion's tuna tataki donburi was less tragic. It was heavily seasoned with miso paste and perhaps sesame oil. It was fortunate that the dish was over-sauced because the tuna had absolutely no freshness to it. The rice was overcooked and for some strange reason, very oily. There was a pool of tasteless grease that collected at the bottom of the bowl. At least the shredded cabbage used to garnish the dish was crisp. 

The menu has been revamped since the place first opened and visited by celebrity chefs. It now resembles Momofuku of New York (not a huge fan, to say the least). Given the strong ramen\/izakaya trend that is happening in the city these days, it is very hard to believe that Big In Japan is still relevant. 

TL;DR. Service was bad, food was atrocious; don't go.
Got the $45 pedi special.  Looks good but the technician did not clean under or around the sides of my toe nails.  Used tissue to separate my toes when applying color.  I expect my feet to be jumping for joy after a $45 pedi.  Save yourself the money and go for the basic or choose another salon.
Came here for lunch with some friends. We ordered some soup, grilled chese, smoothies and bowls.

Estheticly, the space is very appealing. They have the menu on the wall as soon as you walk in with pictures and prices. Beautiful wall decal and eye catching space arrangements. They even have board\/card games for you to take to your table! 

The smoothies were fresh and sooo yummy. Service was fast and friendly!
Wings were HOT, HUGE AND FRESH!!! Food was amazing even at 2AM at night! We will come here again and we have recommended to a few others while there in Vegas.
The stage is phenomenal...I don't think there's another show in Vegas that uses a water stage? So much diving and people lifting in and out of the water! Don't they get cold? Pretty sure I would freeze. 

It's choreographed wonderfully - dancing, swimming, jumping, climbing, running, swinging...pretty much every verb you can think of. Okay so the story itself is about a dream, which means the acts can come up sporadically and change without warning. Basically, the story doesn't "flow" because it's suppose to be like a dream where nothing makes sense and things just happen out of nowhere. This gets a little frustrating\/irritating if you don't know that this whole play is based on a dream..I mean, it's in the title but I feel like it's not a big enough hint? 

Essentially, come into this for the show aspect, not the story aspect, because the story is a little...not so great. Compared to cirque du soleil shows, this is comparable in the performance but doesn't do the best job at story telling. 

TL;DR solid 3.5 start...but I can't give half stars sooo I'll round up. It's a good show, just not a great story.
I ordered for delivery, they did not include cheese on my sandwich, the pizza was stone cold, but the worst part was how rude the worker was when I called.  I will never do business with them again even if they gave me everything for free, HORRIBLE
From October 2011.

The food was great, the best part of this place.  Service was very good as well.

Initial impression was "you don't have a reservation?"  we were walkins and felt like it by the hostess.  We sat in the table closest to the door and the large cold drafts from the front door opening and closing wasn't much fun, my wife had to keep her jacket on.

So without the hostess and the cold draft in the equation, we had a great time.
I always love to try new places, especially when it involves friends and a few libations. I was hesitant to try this place at first because of mixed reviews I had heard, but what the hell, you only live once, right?!  So on the fateful night of my first Blue Martini experience I was surprised to see that there were a slew of door hosts dressed in suits who guarded the front door that were secured with ropes. At first I thought I had mistakenly had gone to a club on the strip and not a restaurant in Town Square, but I guess that's what happens at the latest locals hot spot. 

My party crew and I sat outside and I must say I was very surprised with the vibe and beautiful people that surrounded this place. The majority of the patrons were locals and hot locals at that. Forget ordering food...I could just fill up on the eye candy of men in suits that were sipping on martinis and wine! Speaking of martinis and wine, I was impressed with the selection. Any place that serves Sonoma-Cutrer by the glass is alright in my book. So of course I had to pair the wine with my first appetizer which was the assorted fruit and cheese plate. I could have every different type of cheese everyday for the rest of my life but this one I could do without. I was expecting a expanded variety of cheese like Gruyere or even a Brie but was left disappointed. So to drown\/forget my disappointment, I had to indulge in a martini....or two.... when in Rome!! 

When it comes to martinis I like them dirty...I mean like NC-17 rated dirty. The Masterpiece Bleu was great. Ultimat vodka and blue cheese stuffed olives with added olive juice. The blue cheese tasted fresh and martini's size did not disappoint...there was some left over liquid love in a martini shaker on the side! Now I am not the fruity martini drinker but one of my martini comrades had the The Good Life martini and might I say, after taking a sip, it was pretty damn good if you like that kind of sweet fare. Bacardi Melon, sugar free red-bull and cranberry juice...now I know what Kayne West was taking about when he wrote that song...it definitely welcomed me to the good life.  Happy and content with my martini and wanting to make up for the disappointing cheese plate I had, I opted to have the caprese salad. I love caprese salads and try to have them everywhere I go and I must say this is one of the best I have had. The buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes and basil were abundant and fresh but the kicker was the fact that they added portabello mushrooms. Loved it! What I did not love was the lobster taco. Great marinade and veggies but  with one small piece of lobster in a gigantor tortilla. I will make sure to stay away next time with that one.

All in all, Blue Martini is a great locals escape away from the strip. With good drinks, great atmosphere and beautiful people and with happy hour 7 days a week how could you not like this place. Plus, all you Vegas service industry workers and hotel employees, your first drink is on them with their Blue Martini VIP card. With that incentive they will definitely see my face more often!
We had breakfast here. Service was very good. The omelette and panini were amazing. Big plus it's halal.would definitely come here for lunch and dinner too. Highly recommend it
this place straight up rules.

it definitely possesses all the requirements i have for an awesome restaurant: a mile from my house, delicious cocktails, cool atmosphere, friendly staff, and amazing food! 

this is an all around great place to take just about anyone.  seriously-take your parents, kids (if they aren't loud jerks), date, or friends-everyone will be happy with the selection.

i've eaten in the restaurant many times, but usually i opt to just sit at the bar and throw back some drinks and enjoy their meat and cheese plates.  they have an awesome selection of both so you really can't go wrong with whatever you choose.  their beet salad is also killer; it comes with walnut crusted goat cheese, avocado, and fennel-yum!

oh and check out their daily lemonchello!
Quite a busy place!  Had to wait about 15 min for a table for 3 on Friday evening!  For a pho place not authentic pho and size was very small for a small... $7.50 for a small--suppose it's better than eatting fast food.

However if you want a true bowl of pho--head downtown\/elsewhere.

Service was very very good for a Vietnamese pho restaurant for sure!
Blown away!  These people are so nice and accommodating (we came in with 3 small kids).  They kept bringing out more chips while we waited.  The woman at the register overheard my kids wanting more rice and brought out 2 dishes of rice on the house.  

Food was top notch at this price level.  High ratings are well deserved.
I am just now getting around to writing this review almost a year later but the experience I had at this place still sticks out in my mind.  

Came here with a group of girls on a weekday.  We were told it was a big pool party so we got there at 11 am when it opened and waited in line.   We had to wait about 30 minutes while they let in a couple people at a time.  We were expecting it to be super crowded since they were only letting a few in at at a time.  It was super hot (which is fine since it was Las Vegas in June) but the guy at the door kept giving us the run around about why we couldn't just go in.   

We finally got in and there was absolutely NO ONE in there.   Every bed was completely empty except for two and only a few people were in the lounge chairs and a couple at the bar.    Now we had never been in one of these places so we didn't know we had to pay for a bed.   It was $1000 dollars for the bed which was crazy because there wasn't anyone there.    We did put our stuff down on the bed and were ignored for about 20 minutes until the "pool director" came over and informed us of the price.   My friend negotiated with her and since it was so slow we could have the bed but we would have to buy drinks.  My friend put an order in for 3 $25 dollar drinks and a bucket of 6 waters ($50).   We sat for about 40 more minutes and the drinks never arrived however the ladies that came in after us got their stuff immediately.  

We were super pissed so we just left but not without letting the waitress know how angry we were.  She played dumb and pretended like she was "so sorry" she forgot.   I don't think they wanted us in there to begin with.  

We went out of Liquid and over to the regular Aria pool where we had a much better time.  It was very relaxed and the pool was nice.
Awesome addition to the neighborhood. Food has been excellent each time I have visited. The tonkotsu ramen is some of the best I have tried and the portions are large. Add a sushi roll or some pan fried gyoza for a few dollars more to make it a combo.
Dazzling, scarcely-worn Louis Vuitton heels for less than a hundred bucks.  

*****Squeal!*****
So, ATL wings is not close to our house, but its very close to the school my wife teaches at. We are both wing fans (the food of course, not the stinkin' hockey team. Go Hawks!), but hadn't ventured to many places in the Valley. I was Yelping for a dinner option when she mentioned it again. Wings sounded damn good, so off we went.  

Let me start with the food. We ordered 18 wings with Honey BBQ, ATL Style, and Classic Hot. I liked them all, but the ATL Style was the real winner. I've never been a big fan of dry wings, but I usually test a place out by trying their featured dish\/flavor. They were so good, I doubt I'll get around to ever trying another flavor. Salt & Spices, Vinegar and some kind of awesomeness.  

The wings are not breaded, plenty large, and cooked nice and crispy. We did a combo, so we got a large fountain drink and fries. The fries were solid, hot dog stand quality fries. Next time I'll get the ATL flavored fries too. I should also mention, they had 3 flavors of Kool-Aid available as well. 

Place is clean. It was busy (Wednesday night). It took a while to get our food, but you could tell these are freshly made and not pre-made then tossed in sauce. 

I've seen some complaints about adding gratuity. The sign said for tables of 5 or more. I don't totally get that, but who cares. It's a take out place with a few tables. The red lighting and excessive carnival signs are a bit odd, but not enough to drop a star.
Come with a empty stomach and you probably still won't finish you plate. Order the kitchen sink.
This was my second visit to this attractive restaurant. The first resulted in long wait, poor customer service but good food.  We went back today and it was such a disappointment.  We arrived to a virtually empty restaurant although it was 2pm.  The hostess sat us at a small two top.  We got our beverages quickly but no refills on water, no requested lemon and after 25 minutes with no sandwich, we inquired about our order. The waitress who never smiled said it was coming out...I replied it was almost 30 minutes...she gave me a rude look with rolling eyes and said "it will be here". We left $5 for the iced tea and left - she yelled "have a good day ladies" when we left.  No training in this place for customer service.  Expensive and yet absolutely no idea how to treat customers.  Won't be back!
Great place.! The instructor was fun. The servers were attentive and offered great advice on your painting . I've been to this location twice and I haven't been disappointed. I will definitely come to this location again.!!!
First time ordering and completely satisfied... food was delivered 10 minutes earlier than expected AND the food is AMAZING... definitely will be my Chinese place of choice from now on. All the other Chinese places I've ordered from, we were very disappointed. We ordered the Broccoli and Beef, Sweet and Sour Pork, BBQ Pork Ribs, Chow Mein and Thai Tea \/ Milk Tea + got 5 free Potstickers. Everything is delicious!
Grundsätzlich gebe ich diesen Läden 5 Punkte, es sei denn, die verbocken mächtig was. Denn in den Zeiten der wiedererstarkenden Bürgerlichkeit (koch Daheim wie der Küchenbulle!) gilt es das Einfache, ganz Simple, das Primitive, zu dem sich keiner der bildungsbürgerlichen Spießer zu bekennen traut, zu stärken! Und da sind die Fastfood-Ketten Ikonen für - Ich liebe es!


 Hier bin ich Vieh, hier kann ich's sein - oder so ähnlich. Mehr davon! Nur eines fehlt bei diesen Ketten gerne: Zu einem Burger passt auch wunderbar ein Bier und nach dem fettigen Fraß noch ein paar Schnäpse. Im Angebot von Burger King steht zwar Bier aufgeführt, aber die Hedelfingen-Filiale hat dennoch ein Problem damit und schenkt nichts aus. Die in Cannstatt sieht das anders - fünf Punkte!


 Klar, über die Kantinen-Atmosphäre solcher Ketten kommt's dort nicht hinaus, da hat man im Woody's oder im Palmbeach mehr davon. Aber immerhin - so passt's.


 Lange Zeit war das der einzige Burger King in Stuttgart, und für einen Schüler, wie ich es damals war, der in der Tarifzone 10 (Cityraum) aufwuchs bedeutete das immer: eine Zone mehr lösen, da jenseits des Neckars! Da verging manchmal der Appetit, angesichts des knappen Taschengeldes und der Alternativen vor der Haustüre.


 Dennoch: Ich halte meinen verschmierten Daumen in den Wind!
DO NOT USE THE GUYS. I have a 3.5 year old GE front-loading washing machine that I bought at Home Depot... probably the most common model in North America. It's now been 26 days since I first called Elite and the problem is still not fixed. I've even had to pay for parts that weren't broken... it guess we the customer have to pay for their trial and error when they can't diagnose the problem. On their last visit 6 days ago, I was told someone would call me to confirm the purchase cost so we could go ahead with the new part. I had to take the initiative and call them. When I finally got a Voice Mail saying to call back and confirm, their phone system was down for two days and I was left hanging. I've expressed my displeasure several times now and it always seems to be someone else's fault, not Elite's... It's GE's fault that I have to replace parts that aren't broken... it's the phone company's fault their phone system is out of commission... you get the picture. I have seen absolutely no sense of urgency from these guys that they actually give a damn that I've been without a machine for 26 days and counting.
Thought it might have been an off day for the service but judging by the reviews it seems like it's a common theme... the Hyde beer was good but the service was not pleasant.  When we went up to the outside bar the bartenders barely acknowledged and didn't seem to interested or enthused to help. The atmosphere is great, the food was decent and overall this place has potential.  I also think the Suffolk Punch\/Hyde branding is a little confusing, wish they would just combine them into 1 but maybe that's just me. Will come back again because of the great location and atmosphere, hopefully will be able to update the review if the service is better!
Scroll down to the bottom for the review if you don't care about my story.

Unfortunately, some larger old lady with a bowl-cut was there the other day with her weirdo bearded husband. Evidently, these folks had never been in a coffee shop. As the line slowly grew, she asked about all the food options in the case. I guess the croissants were pretty confusing for her. Anyway, the employee was very patient with her.

She walks over to examine the food for a few minutes. So the next person assumes its her turn and orders, and she doesn't disappoint. Lucille asks how much a shot of espresso is. Then asks how much 5 shots are. What the hell!  

The guy is so patient with these people. Meanwhile the woman waiting behind me puts her kid down because her arm is falling off because the oldies are turning ordering coffee into a broadway production.

So espresso-shots lady gets her order, then starts pulling coins out of her purse for exact change. Awesome. Just as she's finished, indecisive-food lady hops back over in line. ALL I WANT IS A FRIGGIN ICED TEA! The guy asks for the next person, and she looks at me like she's clueless as to who's turn it is. I'm thinking, "You've been in here for ten minutes and don't know who's turn it is, and you have a bowl cut." So just as I'm about to order an iced tea, she begins her order. Sigh.

This has nothing to do with the coffee shop service, by the way. It's just amazing how stupid and inconsiderate some people are.  

So I finally get to order, one iced tea. I get it, pay for it. Then I move down to add some sugar. Well, bowl-cut's weirdo bearded husband is down there blocking everything with his stupid coffees. He waits for me to reach for the honey before moving his cups. I get my lid and head for the door. I'm done, right? Aaah nope. Bowl-cut is standing in the doorway, on the outside, with her foot in the door. I stand there for a few seconds wondering if she's going to open the door for me or move out of the way. Neither. She looks directly at me, and doesn't do anything. I start opening the door. She still doesn't move! She says, "Harold!" or whatever his name was, "Come over here!"  

So I then pull the door all the way open, say "excuse me, please," and squeeze by her to freedom. I feel bad for her husband.

Love the coffee here.
It had been awhile since my last dental exam and Laura, the dental hygienist was so nice. Everyone made me very comfortable. I won't wait so long to go to the dentist next time.
Great day. Great golf... Good greens and nice staff
We arrived just at the end of a Happy Hour. We ordered the most delicious eggplant frites for $5. We also  got our Blanche and Blanche Royal margaritas for Happy hour prices. Our waitress Krista got our orders for drinks and appetizers. For dinner, I ordered the beef taco with a fried egg : absolutely delicious !! My husband ordered the rib eye which was also tender and delicious. We ordered the banana foster with beignets- outstanding. The manager-Kevin Bird allowed me to sit on a bar stool and watch the cooks at their craft-amazing !!!!
So I'm by no means an expert of Mediterranean food but this place was pretty good. It was my first visit last night with my bf. The restaurant is nothing special on the inside, very simply decorated but clean. 

Service: great! We had a gentleman at first but then a young lady took over and she was very attentive and came by often enough to check on our drinks and to see if we had everything we needed. 

Food: My bf got the kabob plate which I can't remember what it was called but it included a beef,chicken,and some sort of sausage skewer. The sausage I thought was the best followed by the beef and chkn. Bf liked them all and simply loved his food! I had the chicken shawarma sandwich and it was light and filling. And just to add to all the other reviews....the fries really are good!! They are crispy and not greasy at all. Idk what they do but it's working!  We will be back for sure!
My fave pho in town, hands down. I grew up in Toronto and all the pho around town all have that fake universal pho-restaurant taste, which is never like homemade pho. The pho here is flavorful and hearty and tastes like the broth was simmered properly with proper ingredients.
Got Chris number from my friend. I got to pick out where I want to befor both dayclub and nightclub. Love that all my requests are fulfilled. I went to Marquee, Bellagio, Caesar, Encore, Aria. Such a great time. Thanks for making my trip special. Def gonna contact you again. 
P.s yes ladies. Totally recommend Chris. Let him help you plan your trip. Guarantee it would be great
This experience was head and shoulders above Bombay! I absolutely LOVE this restaurant

Their lunch buffet lists if the dish is gluten free or vegetarian! A rarity, and totally awesome! All of their meat is halal.

They will give you papadam at lunch if you request it

The staff here is insanely friendly, and very attentive (but not annoying)

Their chicken tikka masala is amazing! Great sambar, idly, pakora, chutney, salad... Everything was delicious! I found the mattar paneer to be rather devoid of flavor, but in all fairness, I got here shortly after they opened and the dish probably hadnt had time to sit and develop flavor. 

5 stars on the lunch buffet, hands down. Will be back for dinner.
The prices are high, but the food quality is not there. Do yourself a favor and go to Golden Steer or Binions Steakhouse.
Today marked my first experience with eating at Mr. Goodcents.  I placed my order online and went to the location to pick up one sub for my lunch.
I cannot say enough how surprised I was by the service I received.  When you order online (very user friendly) you can go straight to the register to pick up and pay for your food.  I ended up waiting tops 3-4 minutes for my sub and the counter lady could not have been nicer or more pleasant over the very small wait.  She apologized and checked immediately on my sub to make sure it was being completed and offered me a drink while I waited.
The woman who made my sub brought it to me and made sure to tell me she changed her food handling gloves because I wrote I had an allergy to onions and she wanted to reassure me that there had been no cross contamination.  
Over the years I have had many restaurants brush off my concerns over onions being in my food and to have someone go out of their way to assure me they listened was the best way to start off my relationship with this restaurant.
I will definitely be back again in the future.
The place is now called FuZen. Still has great sushi and great staff.
Hands down the most flavorful and best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Sara can sure mix em up! Probably one of the most personable bartenders too. Thanks for a great time Sara!
Ordered a 2 piece special (half & half) with fries and rice.  The fried chicken was good but better when dipped in the BBQ sauce.  The grilled chicken was flavorful but a little greasy.  The rice was pretty good and the fries were average.  Two meals for 13 bucks isn't bad either.
There is not many Sunday brunch restaurants open on Baldwin. So we blindly just picked one with more people inside and it was Cafe la Gaffe. It was not a lot of tables but it was packed, so we got a seat at the back by the kitchen. It was entertaining to see how they work in the kitchen, they were pretty quick and busy.

I ended the Eggs Benedict with peameal bacon with home fries and salad. Even though there was a lot of orders, the chefs were quick in getting us the food. It was good plate eggs benedict but nothing really special and stand out. Good place to get some breakfast to start off the day.
They should have a sign that they do not take walk in appointments. I went in the other day for a mani and after waiting five minutes for anyone to acknowledge me, they asked me to return two hours later. They do not take walk in appointments. I should add that they only had three customers in the chair, and nobody waiting. I'll take my business elsewhere from now on.
A family friendly bar with seperate dining, great food, and great prices. Love their dinner specials!
My son wanted his ears pierced for the 1st time and we found Tanner...he did such a great job and made us feel at ease.  Quick and efficient.  Would definitely recommend to anyone who wants a piercing!  Thanks Tanner!
They're getting better! Today visit was great. The staff was polite and on the ball. My drink came out fast and was made to perfection. Thanks Starbucks!
The place is in a sketchy neighborhood, the inside was a dump, the charbroiled beef was all fatty, and the Penang was mediocre. My jasmine tea didn't even taste like jasmine!  They even messed up desert! The sticky rice was poorly made and the fried banana was oily. The coconut ice cream was powdery tasting and not much flavor.  Not sure what all the hype is. Maybe people are just starstruck by the pictures of famous people that ate here a long, long, time ago.
I normally perform many of my home maintenance and repair projects, but this year am too busy so I hired LMI to clean my gutters.  I liked that I received a telephone call ahead of their visit.  They did an awesome job and the only evidence they left behind was a tag on my door that advised me that they had been there.  All debris was hauled away too!

I will be hiring them again for more projects in the near future.

Job well done.
The dessert is pretty nice ... The tea can be chosen from is awesome.. Some of the dessert is a little bit too salty
Oh the joys of Scottsdale; see a great movie in an awesome theater - then stop next door for glass of champagne and fresh strawberries and chocolates on a lovely outdoor balcony.  We ordered glass of the champagne that James Bond always ordered in Bond movies - what a treat...
First time. .would come back for sure! I'm very picky about my Mexican food..it was delicious! !
I went to Dragon Ranch on Sunday and will not be back for a long time if ever. I know that this summer has been hotter and dryer than most but other courses in the area have dealt with the same weather and are in much better condition. Not only were the rough and fairways burnt up so were the tee boxes and the greens were terrible too. Unfortunately this may have been the worst course conditions I have golfed in. I hope they can get it turned around.
In a nutshell - Overrated. Snarky. Pretentious. Overpriced. Mediocre.

After hearing that TBP is "the best burger in TO" and "comparable to In N Out", we were excited to finally try it. The menu had no descriptions so I didn't know what the heck "The Option" or "The Priest" burger was. So I asked the short blond girl behind the cash register for clarification. I guess asking questions at TBP is a huge faux pas because I got an eye roll, a huff, and a bored\/hurried\/sarcastic explanation. Every single time we said anything, it was met with such a bad attitude and lots of snark. 

Yes, I know that I could've looked at the menu online. Yes, I know that there's also the "secret" menu. It's not that secret if everyone knows about it and it's been blogged ad nauseam. But is asking a question really that bad considering we were the only ones there (we were there at 11:30 am on a Friday). Would it have killed them to add descriptions to their simple menu? Or is that an affront to the hipster commandment of "if you don't know then you shouldn't be here"?

God forbid you actually want to eat there! They had 5 stools and a tiny counter but it's only for people waiting for their orders. Alrighty then. 

The burger - the meat was bland and lacked flavour. It was missing that all-important sear that good flat top burgers have. The cheese was overpowering. The bacon limp. The bun was soft but it turned mushy. Mediocre at best and overpriced for the quantity.  

The only redeeming thing were the fries. Fresh and crispy and salted just right.

TBP has a loyal following. I guess there are a lot of people who like middle of the road burgers with a side of pretentiousness and snark.

I, for one, remain a burger atheist and not a converted follower of The Burger's Priest.
Oall is the best massage therapist. Adter I had massage from her I feel like a new person. Her neck massage is awesome!!
A few girlfriends and I went here late after work on one night.  We had by far the BEST server we've ever had there. ( I feel terrible I don't remember her name, cute girl reddish brown hair below her shoulders works at 5 pm daily ) Our drinks were never empty, she brought us everything we needed. The food came out in a very timely manner, hot, with great presentation.   It sounds silly but they have some of the BEST French fries there, those are one of my favorites! The sushi was great and two of my friends loved their ramen bowls.  At the end she asked us about dessert- being super full we all said NO at first.  Then one person said " maybe we will see the menu " so she listed the items for us and within minutes we had 2 delicious desserts at our table.  She made them sound good how could we say no?  The cream brûlée sampler - OH MY GOD. All three were delicious and very unique.  Then there is the cheesecake... wow. I know you wouldn't think of a sushi place being the top spot for dessert but both were amazing and we will be back ASAP.  ( I also feel like it is very clean inside which is huge! ) They also are on uber eats which is my new favorite thing!
Gave this 3 stars since I'm writing this and itching my bed bug bites at the same time. Overall our stay was good. Was definitely too expensive for what you get. Restaurants were good but at the same price of NY restaurants weren't up to same standards. The highlight was the pool which we stayed at during the day, although the $20 drinks were a bit excessive.
Good place for a quick meal, really was empty except for one person when we arrived for lunch.  It was clean, well lit, and had friendly staff.  Portions were large and prices average.  One of our gyros had some relatively dry meat in it.  Fries were good, not as seasoned as I like them, but good.
Three words for you...

MEAT ON SWORDS!

When you first arrive, they seat you to the table and explain the epicness that is about to ensue... First you take a trip to a salad bar.. oh no no my friend, do not turn your nose up at this "salad bar"... they have freshly made mozzerella, smoked salmon, asparagus... the salad bar is amazing. After you have your fill of the delicious mozerella and ripe tomatoes... the meat feast begins! Guys walk briskly around the restaurant with giant swords of meat.. yes... GIANT SWORDS OF MEAT. If they see your card is on green, they slice you off a big ole chunk of whatever meat you would like. I suggest the lamb, it is amazing.. every piece of meat i tried there was mouth watering and cooked to perfection. I have never been so full my entire life... This is a great place to celebrate your anniversary, or take that special someone out.
I went to this place to use a Groupon and because I miss the food from Hawaii (well..some of it anyway). The food here was pretty typical of a fast food place, not very fresh and the meat was very poor quality and fatty. I got the curry chicken and the BF got the bbq beef. They were pretty meh. I also have tried the veggie noodle soup which was probably the best thing I have had here. It was not 'good' but it was better for sure. I probably wouldn't go back.
Went in for Botox...
Knowledgeable staff, honored groupon pricing, quick and efficient. Overall, great experience.
Excellent! Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely stop by this place again. The first thing I noticed when I first stepped into the Mandarin Oriental is that it is definitely a sanctuary of peace and calm in the midst of a bustling tourist city full of lights and noise. Definitely a great place just to relax and enjoy the company of your friends, tea, and good food.

Two of us went here on a Sunday afternoon and made a reservation, which I'm glad about because it was pretty much to full capacity by the time we got there at 2pm. We both got the classic afternoon tea, mine with lychee green tea and his with oolong. The thing I liked about the tea was that it was served at the right temperature, and that they didn't leave the leaves in the pot. The flavor was also unique; it definitely had that hint of sweetness from the lychee.

As for the food, it was very nice. The afternoon tea comes with three plates of food: sandwiches, scones, and desserts. The scones are AMAZING! Probably not the healthiest for you, but they were mouthwatering, melt-in-your-mouth awesome. They came with different types of jams and Devonshire cream which were a great complement to the warm, flakiness of the scones. I also really liked the little sandwich platter, which comes with a variety of fillings like egg salad and curry chicken. The dessert plate was also quite good; my favorite from that were the macaroons, chocolate balls, and the nut nougat. I wasn't a huge fan of one of the desserts because it was chalky though.

In terms of the service, it was a bit slow at first; I think it took a while just to get our tea out (probably around 15 minutes) and probably another 15 minutes after that to get our food. I wasn't in a hurry, though, and I suppose this lends to the very relaxed atmosphere of the tea lounge. Our servers were nice though and attentive.One thing to note: they do include gratuity regardless of party size, which I thought was a bit odd, but whatever. 

Overall, a nice, relaxing experience with tasty tea and snacks.
This place is gross. They did an okay job but the whole place smelled horrible and looked really dirty! 

I don't know why the reviews are so high except for these people must have never gone to a clean nail salon!
Unbelievable french fries for Excellent the fish was great Dippin sauce very good all good highly recommend
Neighborhood pub with friendly staff and brunch. Went there on Sunday for brunch well looking for lunch but they served brunch.  The environment was pretty good and spacious. The staff was friendly. The menu had a decent size selection for brunch which was kind of surprising for a pub place. The food was decent didn't  have too much to complain but also didn't  have too much to stand out. Pouch eggs were done great. 

The washroom was interesting. It was a shared hand wash area and the hand wash was outside of the washroom in the public area.

Wouldn't  mind checking it out again if in the area.
Less than 40 minutes from the Strip.. is a nice break from the land of casinos. You can take a tour or not. My typical modus operandi is to drive somewhere and hike in. I'm cheap. Amazing 1930s engineering technology went creating this structure. 

It's hard to fathom how big this place is, how much earth was moved, how all our electrical outlet in North America end up at this place and how many workers must have died and remain entombed within its cement walls. Loved the experience! 

Parking is covered and just a short walk to the visitor center. There are a couple of tours, neither of which I took. I just wanted to leave sin-city for a bit.
My daughter was one of the people that was at the concert Sunday. She was injured from being trampled on by multiple people. We still can't get our vehicle because it is at Mandalay Bay. I went to Enterprise rent a car with a reservation and I've rented from them before with a debit card. They refused to rent to me because they said that they don't take debit cards from locals unless they have a flight itinerary. I told them I just rented a car from you from April 9th to April 30th and used my debit card. The manager looked at me and said unfortunately we can't help you.  I am beyond disappointed with Enterprise. I can't believe that with everything that happen here Sunday they won't even help locals with debit cards.
OMG this place is amazing 
steak was perfect and cooked as requested 
Staff are very attentive but not over bearing 
Cocktails were great I had espresso Martini  or 2 or 3 
It was totally worth the money for any steak lover
Also the creme brûlée is the greatest I have ever had
I'm kind of bummed about this place. My friend who brought me had nothing but good things to say until now. We walked in and waited 5 minutes to be seated, which is fine.. But then a group comes in after us and gets seated. We get seated and for 20 minutes are ignored by the staff. Finally we decide to leave to another place. I asked to speak with the manager and waited 5 mins before I decide I needed to eat. Sucks too because so many people say the food is great.
I've had waaaay better sandwiches. It's perfect for the late night "smokers" that don't care about what the food taste like as it is shoveled into their face eyes closed.
I'm one of those annoying "urban pioneer" type white people who moves downtown all progressive-like, and then bitches about there being no grocery stores. But what you have to understand about me and my people is, when we say "no grocery stores," that's really hipster-speak for "no Whole Foods\/Trader Joe's\/Organic Artisanal-Retentive Mart ." The fact is, there ARE a few grocery stores around...they're just a bit "colorful."

My options for groceries within a mile of my house are basically the GHETTO-ASS Albertson's on Charleston & Bruce (every time I've been there, someone is being arrested out front) (literally), or this Smiths. So I usually go with this place.

Actually, this Smiths really ain't that bad -- they cater to my ilk with a surprisingly well-stocked natural foods aisle, that actually has most of the shit I buy at Trader Joe's or places like that anyway -- food as well as natural hygiene products. The prices are a bit higher sometimes, but if you get a shopper's card (or just use Jenny's number -- 867-5309) you can often score pretty good deals. 

The produce selection is decent, but far from abundant -- no organic produce or kale or anything like that, just the basics. I can't really speak to the bakery, butcher shop or frozen meat selection, since like all good progressive white ladies I stay away from bread and meat.

I make up for that with my prodigious booze consumption, which brings me to the liquor dept: gated off waaaay in the back of the store (to discourage theft), with a fairly basic selection of hard liquor and wine. An annoying bell rings when you enter, alerting everyone in the store to your pathetic degenerate status.

Aside from that minor inconvenience, they also have a pretty big drugstore selection -- everything but makeup. And the rest of the store appears to stock all the usual grocery-store-type essentials (soup, spices, frozen pizzas....Idk, I eat out most of the time) at typical prices.

On all of my visits, the staff has been friendly and cool, and the store itself is fairly clean. It's just the parking lot that has issues! I know they can't help being in a "transitional" neighborhood, but it seems like they might hire a security guard or two to stand guard out front and keep the pandhandlers away. Lord knows I can't be giving my precious cash to bums, when there's organic hempseed oil to be bought!!!!!! Also, a thorough pressure-washing of the parking lot might be in order, just to spruce the place up a bit and blast away the bloodstains and wino-puke puddles. It's the broken window theory, already! And how about a bike rack, for us tree-hugger types?

I mean, come on. I've been to some real swanky Smiths stores out in Summerlin and such...I know it can be done! Don't you want my coveted hipster buck? I'm telling you, if you would only pander to me and my uppity ilk a bit, you could RAKE in the ca$h!!! Right this very moment, downtown Vegas is in the throes of an urban-core revitalization that is bringing tons of my peeps into your area! And guess what: we're hungry!!! Guess what else: we've been driving crosstown to Trader Joe's and Sprouts!

A word to the wise, Mr. Smith: up your game, or be left in the dust when Harry Armpit opens up his Crunchy Granola Supercenter\/Yoga Studio down the street in that empty storefront by the Huntridge Theater, as so many locals have been clamoring for him to do. Mark my words, we progressives are very vocal and activist-y...it's gonna happen!

But in the meantime, if you were to show us a little love and respect...we would repay you in spades, by spending all our hard-earned cash at your establishment (well, all our cash except the chunk we give to NPR and Save the Whales).

Come on, guys!!!
I went because a) it was across the street & I didn't want to walk too far in the 90 degree heat; b) the menu sounded interesting and maybe a little offbeat; & c) the concierge at the Hyatt Regency said it was really good (no accounting for taste). 

I waited at the the sign that said 'Please wait to be seated' & I waited & waited &... Finally I walked into the main restaurant & asked to be seated. The hostess said "Oh,I didn't see you". I guess 10' was too far for her vision in the  less than 1\/2 filled place or maybe she was too busy socializing. 

I started with a nice, not great, brew - Devil's ale or something - at the rec of my waiter. I then ordered Chico's meatloaf, the chef 'signature' dish. It is tasteless meat lying on a bed of tasteless soggy fried potatoes & covered with nice but nothing special marinara sauce. It came with two spiceless spicy cajun onion rings and 'eh' enchilada soup of the day. Service was good & the price was right $20.00 with tip but the food & ambiance was lacking.
So if you want an OK nothing special inexpensive meal then it will fill the bill. Otherwise as noted in my tip: Don't go there.
While Baby Kays's seems like a misplacement in the valley, the food takes me back to my favorite New Orleans memories.  The plates are large and so are the flavors but you will not walk out disappointed. I loved the confluence of local Mexican art in creole culture and I have yet to buy some art to put on my walls at home.  Overall a solid 5. I would definitely go back in the future.
The service, pricing and speed of service you would expect to come from Mr. Greek does not apply to this run down location.  

The lack of enthusiasm from the cashier made me wonder of she had a pulse until te phone rang. She picked up the phone and forgot we had existed for a minute. 

When the time came to pay we were quickly interrupted by an upset waiter. He was upset he couldn't break a $100 bill for a table he was serving.  This may be because the customer did not expect the over inflated prices normally not found at other locations. 

The takeout window did provide for some entrainment as when meals were picked up the waiters decided to pick from the plate and eat as they delivered the customers meals. 

Overall the experience was so horrible that after eating out over 100 times this year already I felt it was nessasary to finally create an account to share this experience. 

I'd review the quality of the food but it's been 15 minutes since we ordered from the take out menu and I don't think we are going to stick around and wait.
It was awesome to see this show on Michael Jackson's birthday (August 29), thanks to one of my favorite Yelpers, Bethany E! Running into Chris V and Heather N was a nice perk, too. The crowd was infectiously excited, and there were some truly diehard fans in the audience.

As others have said, this is a bit different from other Cirque shows, with less acrobatics and more emphasis on dance. It's still quite enjoyable, and I found my favorite parts to be the Billie Jean and Thriller segments. I was surprised by the number of lesser-known songs used in the show. I have to admit that a few of the numbers were a bit too out-there for me, but the performers are clearly very talented- the Moon Lady and Guitar Chick being some of my favorites.

Overall, I can't say this is my favorite Cirque show- I preferred the Beatles LOVE despite feeling that I'm a bigger MJ fan. Good sound quality, comfortable seats. Thanks again for the tickets, YelpLV!
WHAT?  They changed the menu this past month and took away the jalapeño poppers??? They figured out that their is an "E" in Burger so changed the name to Burger instead of Burgr.  They revamped their menu but some of the classics are still there like the farmhouse burger (my favorite) The sweet potato fries are still great and unchanged.  But come on, you can get a good burger anywhere on the strip.  The Jalapeño poppers truly was my big draw to this place.
We went here last night for Charlotte Restaurant Week and it did not disappoint! I love how this restaurant looks with its high ceilings and warm woods and lighting, and the metal detailing on staircases and railings were pretty cool. Everything feels very new, rich and comfortable. The food was very good, although it wasn't even a consideration that it would be anything but delectable given this restaurants reputation. I had the mixed field greens salad, filet, chateau potatoes and chocolate mousse. Everything was well prepared and delicious.

I don't know if this is new, or something they always have since this was my first time at this restaurant, but they offer the Del Frisco's Power Couple meal (http:\/\/www.delfriscos.com\/whats_happening.php) that you can order even when it ISN'T restaurant week. The menu is nearly identical to the restaurant week offering, but is a little pricier at $99 a couple instead of the $60 restaurant week price. Still though, given the atmosphere, service and quality of the food I would consider that a pretty great value.

This IS the type of place where they come by with the table sweepers to remove the crumbs every time they lift a plate, but not at any time did I feel like it was overly snobby or pretentious. If you crack a joke with the guy filling your water, he will most likely laugh instead of shooting an appalled look down his nose at you. Also, it's "dressy jeans" friendly during the week, which is nice, although the majority of the patrons were dressed in their "customer entertaining suits" or their "I came straight from work" khakis and button downs. 

I think we'll definitely make this a must visit at least twice a year during restaurant week. It's too good a deal at that time to pass up. Book early though, because those reservations go fast!


*Favorite thing: that hunk of meat can't be beat.
It began as a disappointing experience but Andrew H. (the Marketing Team Lead) totally fixed the situation and went above and beyond to ensure we had a great time.

We showed up in the early evening on a Friday night and were told it would be a two hour wait. We were cool with that and had dinner at the sports bar inside. It ended up that the two hour way was totally off. We waiting another hour and were told it'd be at least another 30 minutes. By this time, we were ready to leave... and we did. However, Andrew saw us on the way out and asked if we enjoyed our experience. We told how how disappointed we were with our first ever Top Golf visit.

He apologized and invited us back the next night. We arrived and they were READY FOR US. A host took us to our spot, introduced us to our waitress, set up our game, and we were loving it all in no time. It was a fantastic experience. Any level of golfer (even someone who's never touched a club before) will love Top Golf. It's a genius concept and, with customer service like Andrew's, we can't wait to go back.

If only Los Angeles had a Top Golf!
This place is terrible. I took 1 of my older dogs in to see if we should put him down or if he just needs medication. He is about 14 years old and they X-rayed his heart for $300. The Vet said of he is just a little fat dog and has lots of life left. So we also bought there diet food as well. Well 2 months later this sponky healthy little dog sounds like a goose or seal when he walks. " lots of life left " ? he probably won't make it past Christmas, but I wonder if they even took xrays at all. So i took another dog in to get groomed and nails cut, shots. Well the grromoned him alright .. looks like they took some clippers and put it to low and shaved everything but his head and feet. they call this the lion cut. it looks terrible and he had scabs on his belly from them just shaving the hair and ripping the knots out instead of cutting the hair. 
   I gave it 2 stars because it wasn't always this bad. FYI all the people in scrubs in there aren't all Vets and I quote " We get on the job experience." Thats great for the front counter but not for anything involving touching the pets other then to walk the. Oh and there prices don't match.  i took my medium size 40lb dog in for the same thing as the small 9lb dog on 2 separate appointments. The 9lb dog cost more ? really $ 20 more. Never again
I have a small (1,000 sf) rental house in Phoenix. The last APS bill I got was over $300! I thought that maybe I could benefit from additional insulation, so I called King. The installer came out and was very honest with me. He said I already had R30 in the attic, so I wouldn't really benefit from extra insulation. However, he did tell me what was really wrong with the house, which wasn't work that they do. He didn't charge for the visit and was extremely helpful. I want to give King some business, so I am going to have them look at my other two houses to see if I can use their help with them. These people really care about doing the right thing, even if they don't profit from it.
I had a horrible experience with them. I went in because of several neurological issues that was affecting the safety of my family. I was told possibly absence seizures. I went in with an appointment that I was early for and still waited in the lobby for an hour then they sent me back to the exam room where I waited even longer just to have a resident, Dr Vora, (who no one seems to know when I call even though he's listed on their website) look at me and asked if I had any stress. Considering I was in the office with a yelling 3 year old trying to take my pants off because we ran out of things to do waiting and a screaming hungry 3 month old I think that would've been obvious. His diagnosis was that I must just be stressed, exhausted and depressed being a new mom and that I seemed fine. He pushed hard for depression and pills even when I explained that the symptoms mostly happened when I moved my neck to look around. He said he could put me on some seizure meds if I wanted to see if they could work which I refused because I'm breast feeding and couldnt afford to stop and we both agreed that wouldnt help with the "stress" he was insisting was causing all of this. I asked if it could have anything to do with my Ehlers Danlos Syndrom that is rare. He admitted that he didnt know a lot about EDS but that it definitely couldn't cause neurological issues. I insisted on tests which he agreed to. I had to call several times to get an answer to my tests. In the meantime I wasnt to drive or care for my children while I had symptoms. 

As the months went by I went to a stress therapist who stated I wasnt stressed enough to cause the symptoms Dr Vora was claiming. I continued with therapy and noticed that my symptoms were getting more frequent and worse despite the fact I was well rested and stress free. I continued to call Barrows to update my file. I started doing research about EDS and found that neurological symptoms are extremely common and that I could have a condition called CCI which is very serious. I started to call and leave messages to make the Dr aware that EDS did cause neurological symptoms and to ask if he would be willing to look into it so that I could get the right tests. He would not call me back and I canceled my upcoming appointment with him because of his seemed unwillingness to educate himself to ensure proper diagnosis. 

I attempted to file for temporary disability insurance so that I could pay for the proper testing so that I could get treatment and go back to work but was denied because Dr. Vora didn't report my EDS and apparently insisted that I was depressed and stressed from motherhood. During that time I tried to find a job that would work with my disability but no one will hire someone who runs into things, has grey outs, cant drive and will need to go to drs appointments frequently for the next year to get a diagnosis. 

I also found a dr familiar with EDS and he confirmed CCI is common with EDS and that my symptoms fit perfectly. He ordered new tests because Dr Vora having ignored my EDS  ran the wrong ones. Since its a new year and I have been unable to work for over a year now I don't have the money for the deductible. Had Dr Vora considered my EDS or been willing to educate himself instead of ignore me I wouldve been able to get the tests under my deductible and started getting treatment. Now I'm in limbo. I cant afford the tests because I cant work. I cant get disability because I havent been diagnosed. I cant be diagnosed without the tests. 

I called to educate the dr about EDS so that he didnt destroy someone elses life by not considering applicable conditions and to impress upon him the effect his lack of caring had on my family. I was able to leave a message with his nursing assistant who didnt take down my current phone number when I gave it to her and had to wait till I left another message with her voice mail today. I was advised by her that Dr Vora felt that I should continue seeing the neurologist who knew about EDS to get the tests that I needed. He didnt offer why he wouldnt call me back or wouldnt educate himself on EDS. There was no acknowledgement that he ignored my EDS and stated that I should refile for disability insurance with the new provider. He also instructed her to remind me that he had ordered PT for my wrist ( a secondary issue to my major issues) and that he never heard back from one of the tests and was unsure that I had taken it even though I had left a message with him right after I completed it to let him know that I had gone. 

There was so little compassion from the drs and they completely ignored major symptoms that would have gotten me the proper diagnosis. If my dr is right I have a very serious condition that is only going to get worse and Dr Vora and his associates wont even look into it. They just want to pass the buck to someone else. I've filed a complaint with the hospital and the board of medicine. Shame on these people.
I was just in the cafe with a friend of mine before we started class, and we were both really excited to try the place. However, when we walked in we were greeted with half hearted smiles and almost no customer service, which is understandable considering its 6 am, but we were the only ones in the entire place. We start looking at the menu and I'm getting confused because there are no prices listed next to any of the selections. When I start asking what's in the meals and what the prices are, I started to understand why. They're extremely over priced and after asking the price of the different size drinks and sandwiches, they started to get disinterested and seemed bored with me. So I place my order and get a 20 oz chai which was about 5 dollars, the most I've ever paid for chai, and an avocado breakfast sand which. My total came out to 15$. What??? For a sandwich and a chai?? Okay at this point I'm annoyed but I'm hungry and class starts in 10 minutes. Okay. So we're waiting and waiting and it took a solid 10 minutes for them to bring out the sandwich. Now we're late, so we rush outside and get to class, open the box, and they gave us the wrong damn sandwich. The one we ordered was supposed to have garlic aioli, goat cheese and avocado. This one had poorly cooked and chewy egg, solid "melted" cheddar cheese, and the saddest bacon I've ever seen. It was the equivalent of a mcmuffin from McDonald's. That's bullshit, I payed 15 dollars for something I didn't even order and wasn't even worth the amount. Shitty service and shitty food, only thing good was the chai but way overpriced. Not coming back. Morning shift, or from what I read, all employees should be trained on how to properly provide quality customer service.
I really wanted to like this place but after sitting for 10+ mins without a server acknowledging us and me having to get up to find the manager, our mood was soured. The saving grace was the very attentive busboy who refilled our water multiple times while every other server in the place walked on by. Once we did get service, the dessert and cocktails we chose were delicious. The entertainment was several lively and very loud singers, which made it hard to have a conversation. Considering the place wasn't crowded it was a bit strange that we were sat next to a column so we were actually unable to see the singers. We were also surprised that we were charged a live entertainment tax (without warning) in addition to the sales tax.
Again, violating my rule to wait until at least two visits to review something. But dang, Inizio, you really took the cake last night. With a large variety of wood fired pizzas and quality ingredients, The Lady and I didn't have a wrong choice, but I think we chose wisely in ordering the Raffaele (tomato sauce based with sweet peppers, sausage, herbs and lots of cheese) and the Pistacchio (pesto, pistachio, herbs, big dollops of cheesy goodness). They have the standard cheese and pepper flakes in shakers, but also have fresh minced garlic as well as hot peppers in little solo containers that can really elevate your flavors. 
Service was fast, attentive, and helpful. We took ourselves outside on that gorgeous patio, and our food was at our table within 5 minutes. Fast fire, man. Crazy cool. Pizza was honestly a bit chewier than I expected, but intense flavors and the crust was nice and airy.
All pizza comes with a San Marzano marinara sauce and I took our waitress' advice and used it to dip the crust into. Pro suggestion right there, that was great.

The Lady and I decided to share (bad idea) a cannoli to take home, so we both fought Mortal Kombat style over a pistachio cannoli once we got home. Excellent cream filling, and we saw it made in front of us! (+2). At about $15 for a personal pizza, I thought it was a bit much, but both The Lady and I managed to only eat half of our respective pies and take the rest home, so I'm calling it $7.50\/meal... but that's only when I have self control.

There's tons to return for, including features, seasonals, and side dishes like a caprese salad I saw a girl make. Also, for fall, there's a pumpkin cream pizza. I think you have to be wearing Uggs in order to get it though. AND I think I saw\/heard a rooftop.... I'll be back to check that out.
Der Nordsee ist nicht nur für Jemandem, der Fisch mag, sondern auch für diejenigen, die es nicht mögen. So wie ich. Trotzdem gefällt mir der Geschmack von Speisen. Man muss nicht direkt Fisch essen, sondern kann man auch Kartoffel mit Krewetten kaufen.
As American becomes the biggest airline in the world, they're becoming the worst airline in the world. I am a Platinum member and fly American almost EVERY week - ever since "the merge" their customer service has become nonexistent. They do not take ownership of their mistakes and turn the blame on the customer. AA needs a lesson in customer service if they want to succeed. 

This is one specific example of three major errors on AA's part in 2016 alone (I've been an AAdvantage member since 2004): 

On a recent trip my husband's ticket didn't get "ticketed." He had a record locator and a seat number, but apparently no ticket number. We never knew to look for that specifically because every agent we've ever spoken to asks for a record locator number. Again, I fly every week and I didn't even know you could have one without the other! So we waited an hour and a half for him to get "ticketed," causing us to miss our flight and an entire day. They booked us on the next flight which wasn't for another 12 hours, then got delayed 2 hours. 

When we called AA to complain that they caused us to miss an entire day of our short 3-day trip, they blamed it on us saying "we can't help that your credit card was declined," yet we were never notified that it was declined, nor asked for another form of payment. The webpage moved to the next screen when we booked back in January, so, naturally, we thought we were booked. AND we had a record locator and seat number. 

I spoke to another agent today because I was (am) still upset that American didn't take responsibility in their mistake, or "glitch" in the system. It really cut into our trip! I asked for a Supervisor this time. She informed me that our credit card, in fact, didn't get declined (I know.) but said we never submitted one. Okay, for real? Did she think that we thought we booked a flight without submitting a form of payment?! AGAIN, I fly every week. I know how to book a flight online and I know I have to pay for it. 

She, too, turned the blame on us and said "I'm sorry there is nothing I can do, you'll have to contact Customer Relations (online form with no personal interaction) if you want to go behind me," and HUNG UP!!!! A Customer Service SUPERVISOR hung up on a customer. Are you serious, American Airlines? That's how you want to treat your loyal customers? Yikes.

Update: A few days later I was actually compensated. I do not feel that any of the above is okay, however I'm grateful that AA finally saw the value of having us as customers.
My friend and I happened upon this wonderful place while exploring downtown. What a gem and a welcome respite from all the hotels and casinos and overpriced restaurants. The food was fresh and delicious (my friend had the roasted veggie sandwich and I had the roasted veggie salad), the staff are friendly and welcoming, and the place itself is funky and interesting. Vinyl records, classic rock posters, a burlesque museum, and beautiful art and photography galleries make this place so much more than a restaurant. We had the opportunity to meet one of the photographers working in his gallery too. We highly recommend checking this place out.
Love love love this nail salon! They always did such a good job on my Nails ... Highly recommended!!
Just a typical diner with some strange (for me) items on the menu.

I came to try the oxtail soup and was not disappointed.  

I needed some encouragement from one of the other patrons to pick up the bones and gnaw off the tasty morsels from said bones.  

If you've never tried oxtail soup, consider hitting the Cal during the wee hours of the morning.  It's tasty, hearty, and will stave off a hangover...for a while.
My all time favourite place to get pupusas. I see a lot of complaints with customer service but personally haven't experienced any bad service. The staff are attentive and very nice! The menu items are priced well. I've recommended this place to practically everyone I know. My friends enjoy mi pueblo as much as I do
Great selection of boardgames and a VIP area for expansion packs. Have been many times and have never had to wait for a table. The  staff is friendly and helpful.
Pro gluten, pro Batch.

If you go in with intentions to only purchase a baguette, remember that at least those intentions were good when you walk out carrying the baguette, a brownie, two Russian tea cakes and a dark chocolate honey pecan tart. Oh, that's just me? Cool. 

Went to their new location for the first time today, Mom by my side, and picked up a Monkey Bread Bun and Jordandal Farm's Ham & Gruyere Croissant. As we checked out, my Mom told the cashier that she looked like a "prettier Lindsay Lohan" (aka a "pre-meth Lindsay Lohan"). The cashier took it as a compliment, her freckles lit up and we went off into the bitter cold Madison springtime with our treasures. The croissant was buttery, cheesy and meaty, which basically makes it "God among men" of the croissant world. The Monkey Bread pulled apart and popped into my mouth without hesitation. 

If you're gonna go with a sweet treat, go with their salted caramel brownies. And die happy.
Favorite place in vegas !!! Perfect for a breakfast or for a lunch or even just for a coffee ! Food is excellent!!! I love everything that they propose. I also love the decoration and the employees are so nice ! I've been there many times and everything is always perfect. I brought all of international friends at this coffee !

Don't forget to take a jacket because the AC is a little bit too cold for me :)
My wife and I have always been fans of Mitchell's. We have done extensive traveling the last few years and always make it a point of seeking out local, home grown ice cream. We think that Mitchell's compared to others we have experienced is right at the top of best ice cream we have tried. We now live in Columbus where we do have Jeni's and Graeters's which certainly are good but in our opinion do not compare to Mitchell's. Our favorite flavors are Rocky Road, Bing Chocolate Cherry Chunk, Coffee Chocolate Chunk and Banana Cream.
I ordered chicken and waffles. The meal suggests I eat chicken and waffles together... My plate comes 15 mins after I order. Chicken tastes amazing. The waffles are overcooked, dry as the desert and hard as bricks. If fact the desert had more moisture than these waffles. I asked for replacement waffles and it's currently 30 mins wait and still no waffles. Chicken is cold now and I've eaten chicken with no waffles. Waffles finally come they are a little bit better... I guess i can say I had chicken with a side order of waffles.
Donut Mania rocks!  Fresh and flavorful, these are delectable puffs of pure pleasure to the palate and the palette, at a reasonable price.  Bravo!
I loved it here. 

The menu is clear. 
Prices are fair. 

The ambiance is prefect. I could stay here all day\/night. 

The staff were exceptional. 

This place has already been recommended to friends and I will continue to do so. 

I say yes!
4 stars for breakfast, 1 star for dinner.

First the positive.  If you stay at the hotel, you get a 2 for 1 coupon for a buffet.  Use it for breakfast or brunch.  If you don't have the coupon, go to another buffet.  Omelette station is good.  Other foods are fine.  I really liked the hash browns.  Good selection.  Good mimosa.

Dinner consisted of BBQ, Chinese, sushi, burgers, hot dogs, NY style pizza, salads made to order, and dessert.  I ate mostly BBQ, which was hit or miss.  The ribs were tough.  The beans and BBQ sauces were great.

The pizza was mediocre.  There was a small selection of desserts, which weren't very good (I liked the mini donuts.  I didn't like the chocolate cake or the cheesecake.)

Recap.  Skip dinner, go to the breakfast or brunch if you have a coupon.
Levi was very respectful, quick and professional! 

Directions to my apartment can be tricky and he was very receptive and understood when I explained how to find my vehicle. He arrived within 15 minutes and was respectful and friendly the whole time! I've experienced locksmiths who are incredibly rude and take their time- Levi was very quick and easy going. Also, I happened to be in my uniform as I was coming back from work- and he is very Military and LEO friendly which is nice to experience from time to time. Thanks for getting me back into my car!!
I love the atmosphere of the Four Seasons, it really feels like a home away from home, if my home was more fabulous. I've had both breakfast and lunch here. Breakfast was a better experience for me. The coffee is the best I've had in Vegas, and served in a french press. 
 My only disappointment with my lunch time experience is that my sirlion burger was overcooked. The truffle parmesan french fries were tasty and served in a little cone (which I knocked over repeatedly)
Big Lincoln is the best morning after breakfast in Pittsburgh hands down. It's cash only so plan accordingly.
This is a review for Red square which is located right next to Rumjungle in Mandalay Bay Casino and hotel. This place was awesome. I'll admit this was the place I was looking forward to going to the most. Now I know the biggest complaint is this is not real Russian food and that's true. They will tell you this when you sit down. This is Russian influenced food only. Keep this in mind if you try this place. Second, There are two things to go for one being the Vodka flights and Vodka locker and the other is the ice bar. We had a reservation for 7 PM on Christmas eve and we were seated right away. The atmosphere was amazing here. The attention to detail was what made this restaurant stand out from others. The service was spot on. The waiter went through every page of there huge menu and was VERY knowledgeable. He gave some suggestions and he was dead on. One thing to note this is not a cheap meal and if your strapped for cash not the best place to go. Maybe for a special drink but not to eat. There meals floated around the $32.00+ per range. My friend got the Kulebyaka (Salmon) it was pretty good. I got the Chicken Kiev and it was incredible. It just melted in your mouth and was just perfect. Also, got a the USSR Vodka flight and this was a real treat. The vodka flight is a must have if you like vodka. There are 4 shots and plenty for 2 people to share. The total for the 2 meals, vodka flight, and a salad (Czar) came to $122.84 before tip. Very much worth it in my opinion. I would most certainly return in the future. I will not make this a yearly visit for food but will go to the ice bar for drinks on every trip. After I had paid the bill we wanted to go to the Ice bar for a few martinis. I've never had one nor really like them but the bartender was very cool and willing to make anything you want with no questions. Willing to make them stronger if they were not without charging for each shot and the bar area was really a cool place to have a drinks. From what people say go for a bloody Mary and you will be in for a surprise if you like them. I loved this place and would recommend it to anyone.
Without going into all my banking details. Alex S. Provides great customer service and is a man of his word.Thank you Alex for being such great banker. 
I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS BANK!!! Everyone who works at this branch is amazing!!  I'll never ever leave this bank!!!
The pizza was good. Fresh mozzarella.  The fried zucchini was overdone and very thin. And the garlic cheese knots were not garlicky.  If you order ranch, it doesn't have a lot of seasoning.  If you go just stick with pizza
I'm convinced that an Italian beef with spicy giardinera double-dipped will run you.for.life.  Few things are more delicious, more drippy, gooey, herby, spicy, crunchy. All endorphin receptors firing. Napkins needed for the grass as it creeps down your arms to your elbows.  Look, I'm not a professional beef sandwich aficionado but I'd like to think I could be and never gain weight but sadly, I didn't get that get out of food jail free card...me? I think of one and I gain 5 to 10.  But eating one, yegods, this one is good and from what I understand these sandwiches don't often come with happy people. My people tell me that the norm is a cash only, cranky grimy stand up joint is the norm.   This place?  Go see for yourself.   Oh. Eat.  Way more fun than seeing.  Other addictive (so I'm told) foods like deep dish pizza, etc are on menu too.
Mon night we walk in at 630 and asked if we had a reservation. Um....no. We peaked around the corner and saw the bar wide - we sat at a 2 seat high top (which was not offered to us at all). Went for the $6 sammy night. A burger, chix sandwich, 2 glasses of wine and 2 beers was $36. But THAT burger was one of the TOP 5 best burgers I have ever, ever had. We'll go back for the burgers some other stuff that came out that looked awesome but BOM....tone down the pretention...
Mmm...Macayo....Me like you lots!


M elt in your mouth incredibly delish

A ddicting 

C heese that is out of this world

A gain, Addicting

Y ou only wish you had some

O nly in Vegas....Oh, and Arizona

I don't eat Mexican food often though, if I had one of these places close to where I live, I would probably turn in to a burrito.

I'm talken lip smaken, melt in your mouth, wanna slap someone flippen DELICIOUS!! 

We got one order of there cheese nachos which was AMAZING!! I have not had nachos in years so, this was a major decadent explosion of cheesy goodness that feed the deep rooted cheese addict in me.   I also ordered some sort of Cheese Chicken quesadilla though, it was called something else- It was A Thick fluffy tortilla, stuffed with thick chunks of chicken with again, the most incredibly flavorful cheese I literally have ever had, all with some superbly fantabulous guacamole on the side....needless to say, I felt the size of a super burrito when I left.

This place really is addicting. I don't know what kind of flavor they add to there cheese though, it is any cheese lover's idea of heaven.

The overall appearance of the restaurant is nothing fancy and just a typical Mexican chain joint , the service is probably a hit and miss though,  the food.....you just have to try.
Wonderful food! Kashmiri naan, Chicken Korma, Chicken Masala are my favorites. The service is always fast. Not enthusiastically friendly but far from rude.  They put much effort into a nice decor. You will not be disapppointed.
Finally a taste of HEAVEN!!

9.99 breakfast buffet! WHAT A STEAL! Trick of the trade pay for breakfast and stay till lunch! 

Ive been meaning, more like, wanting to come to the Studio B Buffet after all my friends have been ranting and raving about how good it was! Considering that this buffet is on the cheaper side I was a little skeptical. The wait isnt too long in the morning. We probably waited no more than 30 mins.

Food is to die for! I tried to sample as much as I could! They make everything in small batches so it does not get stale. Everything was so flavorful! Seafood was fresh, chinese was cracking, soups were amazing, cutting board meats moist, should I go on?  Top picks: Fried chicken and sweet potato mash!! The dessert area is also overwhelming. Meringues..ice cakes..cookies..tarts..crepes galore! Hold on let me wipe my drool before I continue. 

An added plus about this buffet is that they serve unlimited wine and beer as apart of your meal. No extra charge..ITS INCLUDED! If The M Resort is too far, because it is way off the strip 10-15 min ride, you can always opt to take a shuttle from either the Fashion Show Mall or from the Airport.
This is by far the best blow dry hair bar in Las Vegas. Great set up, clean and bright. I have been there many times and Melissa does a great job. I give this place 5 stars out of 5!
Just terrible. 

The food wasn't bad, but for the price we paid - about 85 for two glasses of wine, two pizzas, and a salad, it didn't satisfy. The restaurant was much too noisy (they should have used acoustic tile!), but we made do. The service was lovely - they have an excellent set of waiters and waitresses who all had a great attitude, which is a rare find in Montreal!

I genuinely felt bad for our waitress - she was clearly doing all she could to make sure that we were happy, but her manager (some fat, grumpy Italian guy) kept screaming at her and the other front of house staff. We just felt so terrible for all of them! It made for a rather uncomfortable meal.

When our pizza arrived, we asked for fresh ground pepper. Turns out they don't have any. Our waitress said it was a decision of the management, which based on the rudeness we saw isn't at all surprising. 

Back to the food--- the wine selection was excellent, and we were mostly satisfied with our pizza. I ordered a primavera without cheese (vegan), and they were happy to accommodate. He had the margharita and said it wasn't bad, but wasn't the best he's had. As another reviewer said, nothing to write home about. 

Overall, it was ok, but I'd only recommend for people who are happy to spend upwards of $50 a person for a casual dining restaurant, and who don't mind witnessing a grown man throwing a tantrum.
Very good for a work lunch

Stopped in for a business and some food with a colleague.  We sat in a booth by the bar and the staff were quick with our orders, checked in with us regularly, and were very polite.  Interior design has a nice, modern look and was very clean.  

I never look to be blown away by the food at these chain places.  However, their chicken pot pie lunch is very tasty and the crust was actually cooked perfectly.  

Had a good meeting and lunch was well above par for a chain.  Definitely will go again.
Awesome place!  In town for a friends wedding and Patrick the Manager and staff were great!  Went there 4 days in a row and had a blast!!!!!
Had dinner here last night, 4 in our party.
Two had the Thursday lasagna special, one had Angel hair pasta with a cream sauce, and one had blackened salmon.
The service was excellent, despite being busy, drinks were refilled often. The salads were fresh and crisp, and everyone enjoyed their meals.
Worst Dealership experience ever! Can't be trusted! Do not buy from this place!! Bought and paid for a Jeep Cherokee in full and have Bill of Sale with manager approval. It needed body work and mechanical work, so I purchased parts. Arranged shipping as its not drive-able. On day the car was supposed to be transported out I get a call from Brian saying that Dale said that he is not going to do the sale. Dale said that he doesn't care to talk to me. He said he had better things to do. He said he didn't care that another Manager approved it and that shipping was all set up unless I pay more money. At first it was $290 more and then the price went up to $450 more as they kept on adding on more fees. This has got to be the most unprofessional and worst establishment that i have ever dealt with. I would have paid a couple hundred more for the car, but Dale was unbelievably unprofessional with his tone and just careless, rude, and short. He hung up the phone on me!! He could care less about customer service. I can't believe he is the GM of this place. He's BAD for business!! Not only did they lose a sale, but a potential life long customer as well. I'm out shipping costs now and the cost of all of the parts that I bought!! A place that's going to rudely call and say that they are not going to sell you the car now after its already done and paid for unless you pay more shouldn't be in business!! This place is ridiculous!! Hope everybody takes this lesson learned and stays away. You will save yourself the headache, time, and money going somewhere else!!!
I have gone to many spin studios across the city over the years and this might be my least favourite. The King location is dark and smelly and damp (being a basement and all) but the Leslieville location is nice. The bikes are poorly maintained. The place is often crowded. The change room at the King location is cramped and people are always putting their bags on the benches so there is nowhere to sit (the benches are for asses, not bags, people!). My main complaint though is that the instructors are not good. As a fitness buff and someone who appreciates getting taught by people who know more about proper training, fitness and exercise physiology than I do (isn't that what I am paying for - their expertise and guidance?), the Quad instructors do not fit the bill. All of the ones I have had just pound it out on the bike, having you jump up and down in your seat and there seems to be little method to their madness. I guess it makes it "fun" and "energetic" for people, which is fine if that is all you are looking for. I am looking for a good workout though that has exercise science to back it up, and so that I am getting the most out of my time. I don't feel that I get this here. If others are looking for the same kind of workout as I am, I highly recommend the nearby Cykl. The instructors there are actually competitive\/sport cyclists themselves and\/or know the science behind the exercise. This is evident through how they guide you through intervals at key moments, hill rides at key moments, active recovery phases, anaerobic vs. aerobic threshold, etc.. they also explain their workout to you in advance so you know what to expect (the quad instructors I have had never do this). 
I appreciate the enthusiasm of Quad instructors, but enthusiasm for spinning is not enough. You can tell when you read the bios on the Quad website as well - most do not have training or sport backgrounds (although some do). Many seemed to have come to it because they went to classes and liked it, so decided to teach. It would be more helpful if they understood proper exercise training better and developed their workouts in that way. That is a large part of what I expect in a fitness instructor.
Also, I do spin primarily for the cardio workout, but I find I don't get that here in an effective way (due to the lack of knowledge of the intructors on things like proper  interval training, which is by far the most effective way to develop your cardio fitness). If you are just looking for energy, loud music and more of a dance club vibe, and a place to just peddle and jump up and down to your heart's content, then this might be your kind of place.. but if you are looking for a more serious exercise routine (and by serious, i don't mean not fun!) where the instructor knows how to guide you through a proper workout that is based on the latest exercise science and real training techniques, then this place might not be for you.
Since I recently moved I was in the market for a new stylist closer to home than my previous residence in Scottsdale.  After searching on Yelp, which never disappoints, I found this salon 5 minutes from my home and on my route to work.  Perfect location with a recent review for a particular stylist (Lauren) and her impeccable skill with curly hair.  I made an appointment and I am impressed.  She did an amazing job, really listened to what I wanted which did change throughout our conversation and I am in love with my new hairstyle.
Nice place, but good for pople after 45 yers old, not for young people!!!!
Finally tried this place after such a long time of driving by and should of just kept driving.  Why call yourself mexican food if you do not use any mexican spices.  We ordered two burritos (steak and shredded beef) and they were fine, but thats the problem. No spice, no flavor and tried both of thier hot sauce bottles but they did not help.  Too be honest, their prices are very good, but spend a bit more and eat Filibertos asada with green sauce.
Great service from clothes well done to customer service. Always friendly and willing to help in cases of emergency to get my clothes back faster than normal. Excellent service!
Kwality seems like an entirely random experience in Toronto. Every time I'm back here it feels like I'm actually somewhere in Punjab, India. This place is riddled with Fobs. So much so that it's a pretty fun experience. Actually, scratch that, come here in preparation for a trip to India. You'll see what I mean when you're back from your flight. 

This restaurant has been renovated in the last two years, and although they lost the personal touch, since they're busier than ever, I believe the food is pretty much the same. Don't expect much in terms of service because the wait staff is always thin, but it's a clean, large space for a group of people. 

I won't recommend the thali, but I'm pretty indifferent to it if you're starving, just beware that it's probably not the healthiest. If you're a meat-eater I recommend the Tandoori Thali and a couple of naan. It's good enough for 2-3 people.
I am updating my previous review as whatever issue we had encountered, seems to have been ironed out. I couldn't completely write off NYPD, I just had hope. I didn't take them up on their offer to rectify the issues, I just every now and then would revisit with hope on my own without offers, or whatever. For fine pizza this is really the best.
This was my second time at Caffè Boa and I was not disappointed. My boyfriend and I came in for dinner around 715 but got there a little early so we could have a drink at the bar first. The handcrafted cocktail I ordered was so delicious and the house olives were good too. I loved that they were served warm and with crostini. When we were sat for dinner I overhead Brendi taking care of the table next to ours and I was hoping we would get her as our server and we did! 
She was so upbeat and more than elated to tell us about a brand new wine the owners had found and recommended a few cheeses and meats for a board. We listened on all of her recommendations and everything was spot on. The wine was amazing and I loved it was organically grown. The meat and cheese board left me speechless. I knew what I wanted to order and went with the orichette but she recommended the rabbit dish to my boyfriend which naturally I had to steal a few bites of and it was so good. We went with the affogato for dessert and she left the chocolate chips off because I am not a fan of chocolate. Brendi was more than accommodating, excited, knowledgeable and is an asset to your business. However, it took 3 people to track down the hostess when we were ready to be seated, but Brendi saved the day and made our experience totally amazing.
Super small Starbucks. There is hardly any seating. It's fine for the summer if you plan to sit outside.. or if you are planning on doing shopping. 

This place was packed even ten minutes before closing. Baristas and cashier was efficient. Drinks weren't that bad. I am personally not a huge fan of Starbucks but her when you need a coffee at 6pm before heading off to buy candles its perfect
Man, Pampas sucks. So they started serving breakfast recently, and I got a hold of a coupon for $6.50\/person. It seemed like a really good deal at the time, so I talked the fam into going. Which I completely regret doing cos I don't talk the fam into doing many things, and this time that I did completely sucked, and now I feel guilty that I did. =\

For one, our waiter was whack. My mum and brother had never done rodizio before, so they weren't sure what was going on. But at least they had BF and myself to explain. Any other noobs would've been completely lost. Cos not only were we seated for a pretty long time before our waiter came, when he finally did make it around to us, he did a poor job of explaining everything. Keep in mind this is morning time, with just one other table occupied besides ours. I couldn't help but watch this guy do nonsense stuff while we were just left hanging. Time after time again. I'm a lot more keen on waiter-behavior now, after doing my own time waiting tables.

The meat servers were...okay. They were definitely nice enough. But they just didn't have skills. Remember when I talked about Texas de Brazil meat servers looking unhappy? Well happy or not, I didn't get to appreciate their skills at cutting meat until seeing Pampas guys cutting meat. Watching these guys was so, so awkward. They were going for thin slices but then were only able to cut so much at the width they were cutting... It just seemed like such a process, whereas at Texas, voila--big chunka meat. The tables are also kinda small, so the servers would kind of have to cram in at the corners, and we were asked to move things around for them a few times.... Awkward.

The food itself was blah. It reminded me of what you might find at a cheap hotel's complimentary breakfast. You can def find better breakfast food at any other breakfast buffet in town. And what's up with that top glass that goes so far out, you have to crouch, stick your head in, and reach for inner items? Awkward. The breakfast meats included picanha, or 'beef' as we were told, ham, breakfast sausage, and some other sausage, ranging from substandard to standard. The best thing was definitely the grilled pineapple. Although the first time it came around, it was just normal pineapple. But the second time it came around, it was fresh off the grill, and that was absolutely delicious. It was the one and only good part of this whole experience. Oh, wait. $3 mimosas aren't bad either.

But to top off the bad, I'm pretty sure they overcharged us. And it sucks cos my mum is one of those who just hands over her credit card without looking at the check. I wonder how we're so deep in debt.... I even got reprimanded for being so stingy\/skeptical when I mentioned something about the total being more than expected. Hey, I just like to know where my money's going. So I think it might've been that they didn't have a button or whatever to calculate this coupon we had, and they ended up just charging us the full price ($12.95) for three people instead of the $6.50 for four people. That's a difference of $12.85. I blame that waiter of ours. Bastard.
The new owners are great. I had a full set plus polish and the tech was attentive and meticulous. I would definitely come back here for a fill. Pricing is competitive with other salons and gel polish selection was great.
As I read these I'm glad they can help out the people that need help but as a consumer they are extremely over priced.  It is part of the fun in getting a good deal that we get up at the crack of dawn to hunt down that treasure. We want to feel like waiting in line at 7am when it's hot out was worth it.  We don't want to feel like we waited in line for  a retail shop to open with no sale prices on the racks. I think the prices would be better at a store on 7th. Where we can go at our leisure  perhaps after a nice lunch with friends.  The prices reflect the cute shops on 7th but don't offer the comfort of browsing to our hearts content.   My heart goes out to those that are undergoing hard times it really does but as a treasure hunter I'm going to look for my loot elsewhere.
Just recently found this place.  Amazing Gyros.  The Gyro meat specifically is some of the best in Phoenix.  Chicken on the Greek salads also very tasty.

A little bit of a hole in the wall place, but DEFINITELY worth trying!
Great Caribbean restaurant in the markham\/scarborough area. They have everything from chow mein to  jerk chicken to poulari to dhaal and even curry!

This visit we had the wave wings (spicy), shrimp curry, black bean beef...unfortunately they were out of poulari :(

The good:
- generous portions
- delicious in house made hot sauce
- food is seasoned perfectly
- friendly wait staff who are happy to recommend dishes
- veggies in the black bean beef were perfectly cooked
- generous with shrimp in the curry and beef in the black bean beef dish

The cons:
- wait was a bit long for food

Urge you to visit and likely will serve as lunch and leftovers for next days lunch or  midn8ght snack :)
I'm still learning the coffee in USA. I usually drink dark roasted coffee bean and I just do not know the taste of coffee in USA. Still too light for me. 

This coffee shop is nice place and yeah not bad for coffee time. Thanks
This was a huge disappointment, but I think my problem may have stemmed from the fact that I ordered Mexican food from a British pub. But how can you mess up fish tacos? And my husbands burger was "tasteless and dry". He made the bonehead move of ordering American food at a British pub. So maybe we should have ordered fish and chips?
I give this center no stars i came at 520am on thanksgiving stood in the cold for 40 mins only to be told they not taking new patients after i call the day before and talk to someone about what i need to do and bring to come in on thanksgiving. I will never come back
Service - pleasant staff
I told waiter I was in a rush so the wine came out after 25 min one by one! This was a first.
I ordered for my friend who was running late so we could get out on time...steak.  it still took 45-60 min to get both dishes even w med rare steak and "we are in a rush".
Food - My ravioli was utterly bland, uncooked, and underwhelming to say the least.
My friend said her steak was good.  Hmm...I hope so.

Shocking that this was our hotel s recommendation.  Never EVER again.
Place is fare priced..food is ok...not bad but I would tell people to go here....local is good...and food come out quick.
Giselle (also known as Liz) has done my hair for years.  She is bar none, the best stylist I've ever known. She always listens to me and we discuss what should be done to my hair.  She also helped me set goals and worked toward those without having to go through difficult periods with my hair. Not only do I love what she does to my hair, I also look forward to talking to her.  She never piled several appointments on top of another or made me feel rushed.  The most important reason I go to her though, is for her head massages.  OMG!   She has incredible fingers.  I just can't say enough good things about Giselle.  She's awesome!!!
Great food every time and Amy is the best server! Very warming atmosphere, a great place to come and relax!
Heard about the frozen hot chocolate and grilled cheese from a friend, so I decided to give this place a try with 5 other people.  Arrived around 12:30 and put our names down and got one of those little buzzer things that lets you know when your table is ready.  We got some snacks at the to-go window to hold us over for the 45 minute wait and sat near the bar.

The buzzer makes a beeping noise 20 minutes in, so one of us walks up to the hostess and she looks at him like he's crazy and tells him to go sit back down cause our table isn't ready. We wait, we wait, we wait we wait....well over the 45 minutes we were initially told (with no beep from our buzzer thingy) and another one of us heads up to the hostess only to be informed that we were marked as "no show" and they've gone 3 or 4 people past on the waiting list.  Promises of a table in 20 minutes are made, we all gather and gang up and the wait drops to 5 minutes.  

Our server was super busy, so she wasn't especially attentive to our table.  Things were forgotten, checking in was infrequent, it was hard to flag her down if we needed something...we also wanted to order off the lunch menu, but brunch doesn't end until 2pm...so we wait some more...since it was 1:40 by the time we were seated.

Food finally arrived, and for the price it was terrible.  There's not much to say...the portions were huge, but what's the point if it doesn't taste good?? Fried chicken was soggy, the grilled cheese was also soggy and kind of weird tasting and the frozen hot chocolate, although presented nicely, contained more whip than chocolate and turned watery pretty quick.  The reuben was meh...but if the best thing on the table is only a mediocre tasting reuben that cost $15...well...it's infuriating.

Las Vegas is filled with restaurants that are, without much effort, better than this place.  Go somewhere else when you're in town unless you're completely drunk (e.g. you don't care if your food is kinda gross) and you just won some money in the casino to waste on this place.
We came here for the Sunday brunch. Bottomless mimosas are awesome, and the food is spectacular. I had the eggs benedict, and my husband had the loco moco. He said it was the best one he had outside of Hawaii. The potatoes are delicious too. I can't wait to go back and try more. The service and atmosphere were great.
First timer and not bad def worth trying. Tried the eggplant and pizza very delicious...
Pretty nice casino but its easy to get lost in. I had trouble finding my way to the Buffet and had trouble finding my way back to the Aria. Im sure its harder than hell to find the hidden Pizza place even with directions.
I've been going to Sheila at queens of glory for about 4 years now every week and I love it. The color she puts in always look amazing. Won't go to anyone else. Thank you Sheila for making me look like a queen.
The decor of this place was very mis-matched and offset but some how it kinda worked pretty well. The lighting up in this place is terrible. The front of the place is perfect but the back room was just way too dark. I know they were trying to go for a really chillax environment but a little more lighting would definitely help. It was just way too dim-lit, and my eyes started to hurt after a bit and all of my friends looked like black blobs.

I didn't really try any of their food yet but we ordered their hummus and it was pretty good. Decent and it hit the spot. Nothing can wrong with hummus and pita bread sticks!

Their drink menu was extensive and the beers were really affordable.

It was my first time at a shisha place so I can't really judge the shisa quality and taste but it was definitely a new experience for me. I came here for a friend's birthday and we ended up having a really great time, it was cramped but that's because we had a lot of people!

They seemed to have a standard selection of shisha flavours but the ones that we ended up getting was rose & peach and the double apple. The flavours were subtle but the double apple did not taste like apple at all. One of my friends thought it tasted like black liquorice and I did agree with him. My other friend thought it tasted like the smell of a Chinese medicine store, haha.

Overall, pretty laid back atmosphere and it's a place where you can just get food, have a drink, smoke shisha and relax.
Get there quick before this hidden gem becomes an overcrowded hot-spot. 

I read about Sorocco on MTL Blog and figured I'd give it a shot. Truthfully, it wasn't the first choice on our list, but none of the other places had space for a last-minute reservation. Our party of 4 arrived around 8 on a Friday night to an empty restaurant... literally, empty. We weren't sure what to expect, but were pleasantly surprised. In the true spirit of a tapas restaurant, we ordered a bunch of dishes to share:

Fried cauliflower with truffle oil: So simple, yet so delicious... 'nough said! 
Croquetas: This cheesy goodness was a nice bite, but could have used a little more seasoning to balance the deep-fried exterior.
Piri Piri shrimp: Perfectly cooked shrimp in a chili-based sauce... I'll be back for more of that!
Meatballs: Super moist meatballs in a sauce approved by Italians! Ask the waiter for extra bread to soak up the leftover sauce. You won't regret it. 
Scallops: I'm a big fan of scallops. These were cooked exactly as they should be, but they were missing a little something. Not my favorite dish, but definitely a strong contender with a little fix.
Scotch eggs: Deep-fried, chorizo-wrapped quail egg with a cherry sherry sauce... It was the perfect balance of sweet and salty with a touch of heat and a well-cooked quail egg. Definitely one of the top dishes. 
Niçoise Salad: Surprisingly, really good. They served the salad after all the tapas had come. The salad was really light and had a nice acidity to cleanse the palate. I highly recommend it. 
Seafood paella: Having been to Spain, I've eaten my fair share of paella from different regions. I had really high expectations for the paella at Sorocco, but it certainly fell short. The rice was excellent but could have used a little more flavor. It was really the seafood that left me underwhelmed. Like the scallops, a couple small changes will make this dish a big hit.  

Sure, there is room for improvement but, in its entirety, the food was delicious and we didn't leave hungry. We especially enjoyed how each item was brought out separately. It gave us the opportunity to taste each tapas without feeling rushed to get to the next one. We'll be back soon to try the menu items we missed! 

Without a doubt, the service was impeccable. The owner took the time to explain the menu, the waiter was knowledgeable and attentive to detail (filling up water before we had the chance to realize our water was empty, changing plates between the tapas and the main dishes, etc.), and they were both courteous. Seeing as we were the only table in the restaurant for the better half of our meal (a party of about 15 people came to the restaurant just as we were half way through), the real question is how well they will handle a full house (the restaurant seats about 50 people, with a few more at the bar). 

The restaurant has only been open for a few months, so they are still working out a few details (a cocktail menu, for example). Being in a prime location on St. Denis, I'm sure they'll do just fine, especially when they open their terrace in the summer.
We take our two pups here and they come out looking so cute , fresh and clean! They are so nice and always really accommodating. You can tell they really love pets! Highly recommend, we wouldn't take our fur babies any where else !!!
We stayed at this hotel last may for three nights. 
My boyfriend and I went to Vegas as a small vacation after the exams, and our main concern was not to spend too much. 
The price was very fair, we paid something in the neighborhood of 60 dollars per night. 
The room was clean (trust me, I am a germophobic) over any expectations, given the cheap price. 
THe down side would be that it is NOT on the strip, and although it might seem pretty close, it is not. it's like a 20 minute walk to the startosphere, and even then you are just on the crappy end of the strip. 
But aside from that, it a pleasant experience. 
We visited the pool. It was pretty clean and there were plenty of towels and chairs, however they didn't have umbrellas, which are necessary in the deserts. 
I would go there again.
I got my brows done here and the lady did a great job. I wish they had the option for threading. But none the less, they greeted me with kindness and served me right away!
Awww a place to come to our rescue when the company was in dire need of Jager and Red Bull.  It was a rough weekend and we needed to take the edge off...alcohol, comfort food, and a listening ear to vent to.

This Claim Jumper is in Town Square so probably sees a lot of business, however, on this late afternoon it was pretty empty.  And while all the others were seated quietly in the main room, we were welcomed to sit at the bar tables...they must have already known. LOL

Our waitress was attentive and though clearly watched how much we were drinking, also didn't complain or give dirty looks when we tended to get a little loud.  Just kept giving us whatever we needed...love great service!!  

Thanks for coming to our rescue, it was exactly what we needed! ;0)
These guys are really PRO!!! I'm so glad that we had a chance to choose them among many other options!!!! We got married in Vegas, so I have my make-up and hair style done! It's amazing experience! High quality, friendly, very cozy environment provided by girls!!! Thank you so much for making our day great!!!!
Great service! On Chris Hornak's Guest list my g\/f and I were able to go to LIGHT in Mandalay Bay (free for her, reduced cover for me) in addition to two free drink vouchers! If you've ever been to an upscale club, you know the bar can do major damage to the wallet. We text Chris every time we're in LV.
Oh my, this place has some awesome sushi and even better employees.  Eddie is great and is there often so say hello!  Gonzo, my fave, is always cherry and makes THE best rolls....by far!  Some, of many, suggestions I can make are: 

D's Guys
Agadashi Tofu
Japanese lasagna
Gonzo Roll
Kyle Special

Like I said, SOME of MANY!  As an added bonus, they give you what I believe to be sake soaked orange slices.  Perfect for cleaning your pallet after a tasty meal of sushi goodness :-)
Had to stop by after the Giants spring training opener to take in some sports paraphernalia and grab a drink. The place was packed as could be expected so we just grabbed a drink and walked around a bit, trying not to ignore eating patrons while looking at all the signed baseballs and Weaties boxes. We spent some time in the lobby and had the pleasure of meeting Don himself. We'll have to go back to try the food soon.
I am stuck at home with my foot in a cast for the next three weeks. Going to the grocery store is usually something i like to do, but entrusted it to safeway. They're a huge company, they should be able to get this right, i thought.

The delivery man arrived within the window, which was nice. I'm not going anywhere, so it would have been OK had he been late.

9 out of 26 were totally missing. They were on the receipt, not listed as 'out of stock', and i was definitely charged for them. They were the most expensive items of the bunch: some organic sausages, tortellini, capers, and half of my produce, celery, corn, carrots. It took about 10 minutes to get this information conveyed to someone on their 1800 number.

They've offered to send somebody over tomorrow during an inconvenient time to re-deliver. Sounds to me like the delivery guy is going to have a nice dinner on my tortellinis!
Love this place, way better than the other normal theaters, I was getting tired of seating in stiff and nasty seats but than I came here  and feel in love, I really like the food, it's pretty good for a movie theater,  pretty expensive but than again its scottsdale, the inside of the theater is so classy and upscale. The seats are really comfortable too. 

A+++
I was nervous walking in to All Nevada Insurance because just a few months ago I had gone through a repossession.  My insurance had been cancelled for months.  I had no idea what to expect.  Marc made getting insured again easy and painless.  I was in and out within 20 minutes feeling confident that I got the best possible rates!  Highly recommend!
Pet Utopia worked in my pug, Max, on a cancelled appointment.  Max is an older pug who has never been groomed professionally.  He does not like car rides, so we decided to try a mobile service.  Troy and Max hit it off right away.  Troy took great care of Max!  He was clean, nails trimmed, had an anti-shedding treatment, ears cleaned, everything.  Well worth the money and we will try to get on a regular schedule.  I highly recommend his services!!!  I am so happy we made the call.
El mejor en La valle.  Flour tortillas hot and fresh dozen for a couple bucks.  Pastries fresh and dulce.  A must stop.
****warning**** caution against flying this small airline for business. 

Small aircraft. Small time. 
So small that Porter often randomly selects and has to walk passengers off the airplane to "weight balance" against changing weather conditions. As a business person this "randomness" was chaffing and costly. 

Porter's supervisor Laura 983 didn't find it in her job description to help us find another flight on Porter or through other airlines. "I can look that up through Google, same as you" was her response to our plea for help. Terrible customer service, perhaps the worst I've experienced with an airline - seemed oddly unpolished and untrained. We were shuttled off to a bad hotel losing an entire day before Porter could accommodate us on a flight out the next morning -the next morning!  

We were given $15 for dinner? Really? In order to receive reimbursement, we were asked to be to the airport again extra early to show our receipts and spend even more of our precious time generating a loss for ourselves.  Clearly, the airline doesn't value my time or the money it cost me, as a paying, confirmed seat holder, to deal with their inefficiencies and business short-comings. 

By the way the weather: no storm, not high winds, just overcast. I'm wondering if this was a falsified story of weather and the real story is over-booked. Again, don't count on Porter. 

You pay a high price to fly small. And that friendly raccoon mascot, turns out, that is pure brand aspiration. Corporate culture has a ways to go to catch up. 

A note on corporate brand to any marketer from Porter that might read this:  a brand is also strengthened or weakened by those with whom it associates. The stodgy, old, overworked Fairmont does not compliment your brand expression as young, hip, modern. Poor choice. 

Lastly, Laura 983, your people skills are shameful. Ask for training so your skills elevate to the level of your title. A smile goes a long, long way.

Overall cost: a day of time, $140 for two meals, two people, cat sitter fees, additional parking fees and a whole lot of aggravation for a situation where I had a confirmed seat, was checked in and at the gate 70 minutes early and a plane that left the gate and went on to Chicago without me.  Boo unreliable Porter.
Some of the best beef I've ever had. No bullshit. Had the Carolina and New Mexico, both were fantastic. The cactus pear margaritas are amazing. The server bragged about the 9 bottles of pure agave in the machine and judging by the flavor and effect, I believe him. Fantastic service. I hate Vegas, and I'd almost go there just to eat here. Love it.
Me and a friend stopped by there last night and was very happy with the food, service and wine!  They were prompt and friendly.  The food was delicious, and we took advantage of a deal where you could share a salad, get your own 10 inch pizza, a glass of wine each and share a dessert for like 33$!  It was a cute, quiet environment with great food and service.  You should definitely try it out.  Great for date night.
Heard good things from people who have been here and thought I would check it out and as a sushi fanatic I was not impressed at all.

The service was rather slow, the waiter rarely checked in on us and seemed distracted most of the time although the place was not really busy. He would take one order then come back 7 minutes later for the other. Also we waited a good 15 minutes for our check after we all decided to leave some kind of signal we were done by stacking our plates together.

Onto the sushi: most of the sushi was fresh, however the avocados were not ripe enough and were slightly hard. All throughout the dinner, I had this very unusual undertone taste to everything I ate. After several experiments we discovered it was a mixture of the dirty soy sauce bowls and the soy sauce that made everything taste like you were eating a latex balloon.

Between the service, the weird taste and the high priced food ($14 for Beef Yakisoba? It's just ramen with little tidbits of beef!) we figured we can go to Sushi Station near Desert Ridge in the future for a much better meal.
The hot dogs were really good but I would like to see a bigger menu. It was really good to try and I'll probably go back! It was also very clean which is always a plus.
Is a small place that serves an array of traditional Chinese dishes.  Prices and portions are nice and the food was very good with an emphasis on roast duck and chicken.  Clientele is mostly Asian.
Since I'm not a frequenter of buffets, I was rather curious about the hoopla surrounding them.  When our Canuck pals came into town for a quick visit, they suggested we check out Bellagio's buffet, since they wanted to try it.  I was more impressed than I thought!  The variety of food and the quality of the food was great (I really enjoyed the protein offerings).  You will find prime rib and seafood and Mexican entrees and sushi....whatever you could possibly want.  Everything I had, from the meat to the veggies, tasted fresh.  And dessert!  Lots of them and happily, everything wasn't too large.....which meant lots of sampling.  My favourites included the little lemon tarts and the chocolate mousse.

Service was good and the seating area didn't feel like I was in a buffet.  Our server was very patient with us, especially when my friend's kid spilled Coke everywhere.  ;P
Pizza's order at 7:30, phone call made @ 8:30, to say "hey, where are my pizza's?" I was told some lie about only having one driver, but my pizza's were on the counter and up for the next delivery. Phoned again @ 9:30, only to be told another possible lie.." Sorry, we ran out of dough, so we made all 4 of your pizza's thin crust, but they got mixed up with other orders and went to other people."
Really?!?!? This is not the first disappointing experience with Pizza Hut @ Lake Mead and Hollywood, but it is the last. We will never order pizza from this location, again. Terrible customer service, they clearly have no clue how to run a business.

6895 E. Lake Mead Blvd., #1, Las Vegas, NV 89156
We came her for dinner it took more than 30 min to get a salad we order we ordered a beer which they forgot to bring to get 7 things on the menu too more than two hours the sushi was not that great it was not the worst I've had but would not come back the young girl was trying but she favored the tables close to the back and because she was trying is that I'm giving it 2 stars if not  I would of done a 1 star
best coffee in the world ! ox...jesus christ first ...then dutch bros! They know just how I like it . It's perfect every time ! Love the employees ! Love 'em! Can't get enough!
Love the food!  Have been about a dozen times now.  So many mixed feelings about it not being terribly packed when we go.  I want them to succeed but love being able to be seated usually in less than 15 minutes.  Chicken and waffles is my favorite, my teenager loves the chocolate chip pancakes.   Hubby is thrilled to have a nice bloody mary selection.   Definitely in my fav's!
Don't judge a book by its cover! This place is located upstairs a generic building along Spadina Avenue, just on the other side of St. Andrew Street, pretty easy to find. When I first came here the office was closed but I left a note on the door asking the business owner, John, to email me hours of operation. He emailed me the next day and they generally fall under...
M-F 10am-6:30pm
Sa 11am-6pm
Su 12pm-5pm

I say 'generally' because he works for movies or something and may be out of the office randomly. It's a good idea to call beforehand to confirm his schedule.

John is so funny and makes you feel at ease and not all nervous for these (typically) hideous passport\/visa photos. He also touches them up a bit to get rid of blemishes and is talkative throughout the process, this helped me a lot because I get so awkward when people start taking pictures of me.

The prices are SO CHEAP compared to other places.

Definitely worth the trip for better pricing, service, quality, and proximity to Kensinton Market, where you can grab a nice bite after :)
I love the architecture here, service is quick and to the point. Its bright with lots of seating and windows. Unfortunately due to its very central location, it can be quite busy and loud. But i sincerely enjoy coming here in the summer, sitting in this bright coffee shop and drinking their brewed ice teas (I don't recall the name, but just ask for it and they'll be happy to help) if you come here in the summer you'll probably see a tall glass of an iced deep pink drink and thats their ever popular brewed tea. The coffee is great and so is the atmosphere! It also helps that it is conveniently located right in the heart of downtown Toronto
Food was a five the jambulia was really good with a lot of chicken, shrimp and sausage.  Atmosphere was really good as well as the service.  Unfortunately I had a bone in my meal and it was a bit disappointing.  I still would recommend just watch your bites.
Great vibes and great food out there! I went there with my ex for her birthday. I reserved the seat for us and they had the surprising birthday cake for free! The food there is expensive for a college student like me but definitely a great place to treat your girlfriend or someone who is important to you.
I arrived with a couple of handguns in mind that I would like to purchase and planned to  narrow down the options when I arrived. I was helped by a salesman named Mike. Mike was extremely patient as I deliberated between various handguns and was quite knowledgable about the various makes and models of handguns as well which is a plus. In the past, at other gun retailers, I have always felt pressured to hurry up and select a piece. Mike was quite the opposite. Mike appears to enjoy his job and doesn't try to rush the process. Prices here are average maybe slightly higher, but I'd return because of the customer service. Thank you Mike and Bass Pro staff for all of your help.
Enjoyed a lunch here. Liked the meat here very much! Located near the university, convenient place to have a meal.
Good burgers are easy enough to find. But GREAT burgers are treasures that you sometimes have to look for. If you want a great burger in Vegas, then look no further, because Holsteins is it! 

The burgers are made with the finest ingredients, are thick and juicy and are cooked to perfection. They're also a bit eclectic. While you can get a basic cheeseburger is you're a boring guy who has given up on life, I highly recommend that you try one of the more unique selections. My wife and I split a "Rising Sun" and a "Gold Standard" burger. Both were excellent. The onion rings were also amazing. They were giant and the breading was nothing short of spectacular. If you're looking for an adult (i.e. alcoholic) milkshake, try the "Fat Boy," which contains pretzels, chocolate\/Carmel popcorn, Reese's, and vodka. It was'nt too strong, but it was DELICIOUS! 

The only downside is that this place is expensive, but when you're eating at good restaurants in Vegas, what place isn't expensive? I suppose the best way to spin it is that you get what you pay for. 

Highly recommended! Two thumbs up (and some toes too... It's that good!).
** REVIEW FOR "Marquee Dayclub" ONLY **

(3.5 stars)

My cousins and I came by on a Friday at around 11:30 p.m. When we arrived, it wasn't terribly crowded. The house DJ playing that day stuck to EDM, but had a bit of variety here and there.

Venue itself isn't entirely large. I really wish they had more seating\/standing space, especially more space for dancing. I'd highly suggest grabbing a table if you can.

Bartenders are accommodating. Wished they could mix their frozen drinks a bit better.
Prices for drinks are typical, ranging a bit above $15. However, they give free, cold water. That's a winner in my book!

Overall, it was a cool pool party. I just wished this venue was a bit bigger.
Ive been here twice. The food is great and resonably priced. Good vegetarian selection! The servers are polite and helpful. The menu has a wide variety. The decor is above average but could use some work. What I really enjoyed was the Hooka lounge. I dont smoke but they did such a good job with it. The decor is lovely, the arrangement of tables is very cozy. And the smell is earthy without being that stale smoke you get elsewhere.......so enjoyable for even nonsmokers.
Great food! I have already reviewed Javiers in Newport Coast, CA, this is the same great Mexican cusine and the same owners. Impecible service and delicious food. Decor and atmosphere is great. I suggest reservations for prime dining times on weekends. This is the best Mexican food I have eaten in Las Vegas and I have eaten at most of them on the strip.
The wait to get simple items here is just ridiculous! They seriously need to hurry the pace, had I known it would've taken 30+ minutes to make a sandwhich and a smoothie I would've gone elsewhere. Fix the wait!
As a part of the Steak Out, our most recent visit was to this Valley favorite. 

For sure: KILLER shrimp cocktail. Although there were only 4 pieces, they give new meaning to the phrase Jumbo Shrimp and, despite their size, they were not tough or iodine-y. The flavor was fresh and the cocktail sauce could clear the very worst sinuses!

The roasted garlic mashed potatoes must use REAL roasted garlic -- like, roasted in house, not just minced garlic tossed in! The sweet, earthy flavor was subtle which was perfect, because it didn't destroy your palate for the rest of the plate.

I was surprised by the wine list: not a huge. very accessible, relatively speaking.

But, we're on a quest for the best steak. This one? It gets very high marks!  Excellent seasoning on the meat. Preparation in terms of temperature was adequate (although, it was more on the medium rare side; I would argue that is the side to err on!).
The pizza was great. I ordered 2 slices of regular pizza, they are amazing, the crust are thin and there are a lot topping. Highly recommend this place. It's hard to find the place because its not listed on the directory, it's located on the 3rd floor in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, next to Blue Ribbon.
I only went to there once,cos the dish is just ordinary! But the seafood soup is great.
I like this place a lot. I normally never eat at a casino but when my mom brought me here for the first time, it's the only place ill eat dim sum at now. 

Sometimes the service is quite slow and you don't get any carts to come to your table. There's been a few times where the items I want is not available at the time I go which is fine cause there are other dishes. 

Pricing is about the same as restaurants off the strip. Just make sure to double check your bill at the end. Last time my mom got someone else's bill because the waiter gave our bill to someone else and they wanted us to pay for their bill but their bill was more expensive than what they actually ate.
Thai food at this hidden gem will have you asking for seconds!

This place has been around for awhile and hasn't disappointed each time we come here.  The location is a bit hidden, tucked way back in the corner of the Smith's shopping center.  Each time we come in, I have never seen it packed either lunch or dinner.  The place is roomy and has a stage for live music.  We were seated promptly and our service was excellent.  I didn't have to sit with an empty water glass for long and the food arrived quickly, A+ on service.  After searching in Henderson for a good Fresh roll, I may have found it here at the Thai house.  I highly recommend them!   I also had some Orange Chicken and some Moo Poo Gai Chicken which were both very good.  In the past, I've had some of their fried rices and sometimes they can be hit or miss, I usually like these from elsewhere.  The soups are amazing here,  I really enjoy their Egg Drop, very tasty.  

An order of Orange Chicken, Moo Poo Gai Chicken, Fresh Rolls (4), a small Cucumber Salad and an Egg Drop soup (all of this food wasn't all just for me, I swear!  :P) ran about 36 bucks.  A lot of food, but still a bit on the pricy end.  Very good quality, I highly recommend this place if your are in the mood for Thai.
If you're looking for Americanized junk Chinese food, DONT come here! 
I can't belive people complain that the food is authentic?! 

Come here if you want affordable, authentic,  spicy  dishes.

Order the toothpick lamb or the cold noodle dishes. 
Lamb is tender and juicy.  
Noodles are perfection.
I absolutely love coming to stk... the food is really good, you have to have their steak with the asparagus. Drinks are great too, I got into the mule drinks because if their stk special.. the ambiance is also great but their usually a full house so I reccomend reservations to avoid waiting around.
Im confused why this place has such high stars.  Came on a Friday night and the place was packed.  I have been here a few times since Klucks closed and it became this place.  Still looks like Klucks but with a random sombrero and maracas hanging around.  The only thing Mexican about it is the people working.  Didn't even see any Mexicans eating at any of the tables.  Not a good sign.  In past times I left feeling "It was OK"...this time it just felt blah.  To quote John Lydon: " Ever get the feeling you've been cheated?"  That's how I feel now.  Girl working our section was super nice and fast but the food and drank was crap.  No flavor.  Drinks were watery (even though we payed more for the Texana).  The salsa even tasted watered down.  Even for gringo\/messican this is bad.  Hell, even Cozumel up the road is better.  Aren't they all owned by the same people anyway?  I miss Mi Pueblo.  Maybe I will have to drive out to Painesville for real tacos...or hit up La Plaza, deal with the occasional hip, foodie type that seems to infested this bastion of Mexican grocery goodness and just make my own. 

Larga vida a la mano izquierda cabra
This is your smaller, Extremely friendly, family owned business up in Anthem.  Food is good and the wait staff is attentive.  Every time we are in there I always notice the owners going out of their way to greet new customers and make sure everyone likes their food.  If you prefer somewhere that is cozy with good food this is your place.  Keep up the great work!
Went here today for lunch. The food was not terrible but it also wasn't the best either. I've definitely had better. The sushi was okay, the tempura was less then average (the crispness was not there), the teriyaki was okay and the fried rice was terrible, and the edamame was undercooked and came with no salt. My usual sushi place is Akita just down the road, and I'll just stick to that for the time being. The price was pretty cheap though, but you also get what you pay for.
Only good thing about this place is that they sell beer.  Otherwise the service was poor, food was mediocre.
This store is TRASH...
Due to my work schedule I wanted to get my Christmas Shopping I really was hoping to complete my Shopping with this final trip.

This Ross happens to be in the same shopping center the store I was shopping at so I decided to check out what was there.

Super disappointing. The store was in shambles. I pretty much had to search around but came across some cheaply priced gifts that were okay. Well that's when some large rude security guard came up to me and told me, I could not carry a $22 cane in a particular way.  After asking him why and he pretty much told me because he said so... I decided I didn't even want the $22 cane. I put the cane down and decided I was ready to go. I was looking trough my basket deciding what what I wanted and removing the items I didn't, i just happened to look up. And the Security Guard who had been bothering me was... Staring at me, he had been following me... As if I needed to steal something.

So at that point I decided to take my items and go. The security and a woman whom I later found out was the "Supervisor" heckled me  while I was in line until I purchased, my items. The security was shouting at me,  telling me he had a Black baby...When I was finally able to purchase my items I  asked for a manager. And it was the same person who was encouraging the security guard and she was just as disrespectful as him. 

The only reason why this place got my business was because of its location but I will never ever spend my money with this company again!!! So many better options I will avoid this place like the plauge.
I like coming here when I want some peace and quiet after Hofbrauhaus.  It's very spacious with plenty of seating so we are always able to grab our favorite table in the back room.  Once the place was crowded (probably because the wait to get into Hofbrauhaus was ridiculous) but last weekend it was relatively empty with groups of people scattered about.

Nice selection of beers though nothing that's super hard to find at another bar with a decent selection (had Harp, Strongbow, etc).  As a bitch, I get excited about their bitch drinks.  Great chocolate martini and buttercup,... of course pricey for the quantity that you get ($6 ish).  Buttercup was more worth its price though.

Had their spinach dip with pitas.  Tasty.

When you seat yourself on a Saturday night, sometimes the wait staff will notice you and come over.  Sometimes they don't.  Either way it's fine since we're ok with walking to the bar to order drinks.

This place tries hard to be Irish, with the Irish-style roadsigns and Guinness things on the walls.  After spending some solid hours at this place, I began to think that their music collection consists solely of Rock Band soundtracks, not that this is a bad thing but... some Irish songs once in a while would be interesting.  It also goes without being said that American sports are shown on the TVs but whatever.  The atmosphere is not as loud as that of a real Irish pub and is more like an American sports bar with an Irish theme.  This is actually a good place for drinking in peace rather than getting your Irish on.
For the price and size it was okay. I was not too impressed because in comparison to the other pizza business, it is about the same. The advantage they have is the crust.
Incredible food! If I still lived near Surprise I would probably be there right now, eating delicious pho, spring rolls, and calamari. 

The owner and all of the people who work there are SO friendly and fun to be around. Sometimes I'd plan to get food to go, but when I got there and got talking with them all I found that I didnt want to leave. 

Definitely a place to dine in, get to know everyone, and enjoy the best vietnamese food in all of the Phoenix Area!
Valentine's day.   Food was average, and service was *terrible.*   The couple at the table next to ours actually walked out after waiting a very long time to even give their orders to the waiter.  I think we had the worst server in the place, so maybe not fair to judge the restaurant by him... but the food was just ok, and he was beyond bad.  I doubt that we will go back.
Jeff helped us pick out our hookah. We didn't know much but he was extremely helpful and honest to help find what would be best for us. The store has a huge variety and great prices. I recommend asking for Jeff
I could not be more pleased with my experience with Gilbert APR!  I have been looking for a place to take my car for regular maintenance and this is definitely it! I even went in asking for a pricey repair (one I was told by a different place that I needed) and APR determined I did not need that repair after all!  No hidden fees, great communication, and wonderful quality. They were thorough and quick! My experience with them was perfect from the moment I called to make the appointment to when I left their lot. I do not recommend places easily, but I have no hesitations recommending this awesome place!
Wow, talk about a total surprise.

For the most part, I tend to think of breweries as strictly beer, not food. However, this place is the total exception. The atmosphere is great. Very open and inviting and has a fun warehouse feel to it. We sat down and were immediately given menus for both food and drink. 

The drinks were good. Nothing that really stood out but still good beer that I would go back and try again (and try some of the other kinds as well). However, the food was phenomenal. They go outside the box (soup in test tubes) and have incredible flat breads. The only bummer we ran into is that they don't serve all of their menu items during lunch, which meant I didn't get to try the shrimp and cotton candy skewers (which had been hyped up to me). 

Can't wait to come back to Charlotte so i can try entirely different things (especially the cotton candy)!
My first time at Flying Fig was definitely better than the second time. However, I still have hope for Flying Fig, so I'll be willing to give it a Four Star. To make my life easier, below are the reasons why it deserves a four star and reasons why it was disappointing at times:

Why I gave it a 4 star:
1) Great appetizer - try the dates, it was delicious!
2) Classy place to go for a date
3) Happy Hour food was decent with some fun drinks (chicken drumstick was good, bruschetta was interesting)
4) The majority of their dinner selections were pretty tasty - the duck was good.

Now, why I shouldn't have given it a 4 star:
1) We got a random gratuity charge when we went for happy hour - there was only 2 of us eating too.
2) I did not like their short ribs. The lamb meat wasn't as tender as it could have been. Overall, my second time dinning there was a bit disappointing - the price I paid wasn't worth the quality I received.

It's okay, overall, this is a nice place to go. I'd give it one more try sometime to let the restaurant redeem itself.
The only good thing about this place is the view. Absolutely beautiful lake views. That's where anything decent ends. I went there with friends for what we thought would be a relatively short lunch. It wasn't even that busy because it was overcast but it took the waitress over 10 minutes just to acknowledge us. We ordered our lunches and my friends ordered some drinks. It took the bartender 15 minutes just to get the drinks. We waited more than an hour for the food during which the waitress didn't even come over to provide updates that it was coming out or being worked on or  see if we needed drink refills. We needed to leave so my friend actually had to go in the kitchen area to tell the waitress that we needed the food boxed so we could go. We get the boxed food over 15 minutes later & when I did get a chance to eat it, it wasn't even that great. Maybe this place is okay for drinks at sunset but that's about it.
I've been going to Five Star since it has opened and religiously get it cut every two weeks.  This shop is great.  I've never had to wait, it's reasonably priced and best of all, I ALWAYS GET A GREAT HAIRCUT.  Izzy, Elli and Nathan are fun to talk to - it's like getting a haircut by my friends.
This is an exceptionally terrible location for Freshii. First, the staff seem miserable and don't even try to fake enjoying their work, which makes it very unpleasant for patrons. Poor customer service is always a turn-off.

Second, they had an item on their menu that they no longer made in store, which is deceptive and misleading. At the counter, the staff member's response to my question about the missing and non-existing item was utterly unsatisfactory too, which compounded the situation.

Finally, this Freshii doesn't allow you to make custom bowls, which is probably the best reason to even consider visiting Freshii, overpriced as it is. They should simply take down the sign, close up shop, and cut their losses... this place damages the brand and gives Freshii a bad name.
Another great experience here at The Draft House.  Love the Staff, people, and food.  If you have a bad experience here, please talk to that staff.  They are great folks like you and I.  Thank you Draft House!
Let me just start this yelp review by saying this was my first dental visit in a few years. I am not really fond of going to the dentist, but I knew It was time to go in for my check up. So I made an appointment at Image Dental for my oral check up and X-Ray. When I arrived there I was greeted by Dayna and Amber. Amber was great she made me feel comfortable and cracked jokes all the while informing me of what I need to fill out and the information that I needed. After the paperwork was done, Lorita took the X-Ray and introduce me to Dr.Hoang.
          After a short period of looking at the x-Ray Dr. Hoang told me that I needed to go to an oral surgeon to extract a tooth, after that news.. I wasn't a happy camper, but it is what it is. Dr. Hoang was honest and I appreciate that.
        I would also like to mention that I do not have any dental insurance and thought that it would be expensive, but they worked with me about the financials and kept it affordable for me. Lori, the hygienist, did my deep cleaning. She also told me that if i felt any sudden pain just move my hand and let her know. I didn't feel much pain and she did a great job.  Overall it was a really Great experience,I was in and out in an hour.
Always great to find a great local butcher when you are new in town. Don't miss the prime beef here. Thanks JC. Great to meet you. The Groupon Guys. Looking forward to meeting Brett.
Einfach Kult im Süden.
I've shopped here several times for items for my motorcycle and the staff always acts like I'm tearing them away from something more important.  And to top it off the guy checking me out stared at my chest the whole time.
We were walking along the strip checking out the different casinos and saw Bobby's Burger Palace!  It wasn't open yet but we planned to stop here for lunch on our way back down to our hotel.  I'm mildly a Bobby Flay fan, as in, I love to hate him.  We came back just before opening and waited outside until 11am.  A few other people were waiting as well and the employees actually opened a little late.  I ordered the New Mexico burger which comes with white queso, roasted green chiles and pickled red onions, medium well.  My boyfriend ordered the Bobby Blue burger, which has blue cheese, bacon, lettuce and tomato and got it "crunchified" which puts crunchy potato chips atop your burger (free!).  He ordered a side of onion rings and I got cheese fries.  We realized after we ordered the order taker hadn't asked how he wanted his burger cooked, so he had to go back up and tell her.

Once you place your order at the counter, find a seat in the very spacious dining area.  The little bar stools were comfortable and I found the decor appealing.  Our receipt had a bathroom code on it and I realized after several people came in just wanting to use the bathroom, why that was the case.  The women's restroom was dirty and unappealing, I had a feeling Bobby wouldn't be pleased - especially since they had just opened.

Our food came out a decent time later, and the server educated us on the house-made sauces provided on the table.  I tried each of them but honestly liked none.  My burger was excellent!  So flavorful and everything on the burger really complimented one other.  I could taste that the meat was good quality beef and well-seasoned with lots of pepper.  Cheese fries were rather blah and the cheese wasn't very cheesy.  He did not care for the meat in his hamburger and found the peppery flavor to be overpowering.  It did have quite a bit of pepper on it when we opened the burger up.  Onion rings were awful, I put one in my mouth to try it and immediately upon it touching my tongue I could only taste the overpowering flavor of flour.  No seasoning at all and no flavor.  Yuck!  I would come back for the New Mexico burger though, it's the best burger I've had in a long long time!
If you are looking for good chinese food. Ping pang pong is one of the best chinese restaurant in town, I had a steamed cantonese Princess chicken and Stir fried Lobster with ginger. it was delicious. I am looking forward to back there again.
I like my gym. But for the price i pay i consider planet fitness has a more upgraded machines.i like here cause the womans area and the classes. But sometimes is dirty.
Zoolights has gotten better year over year. If you haven't been in a while, you should check it out again. It's a great holiday tradition in the Valley and a great place to take kids. No, you won't see any animals... they're sleeping... but you will see some great light displays and maybe you can go back to the Zoo during daylight hours to see the animals. So bundle up and go out to Zoolights!
I've eaten at 2 locations and I have to say both were awesome. Scared that all I'm going to find in NC is fried foods, and unhealthy options  --no way! This place prides itself on providing the freshest ingredients and I have to say it Delivers! 

Service: Our servers name was Steven. He was awesome, very attentive, gave suggestions on the menu and what wines would pair well with the specials.  
Food: Apps: Grilled Artichokes: an interesting take, very good sauce, but prepped w\/a little too much oil, still very tasty
       Wedge Salad: Extremely fresh tomatoes, perfectly cooked bacon, awesome blue cheese, nice dressing on the side 
Main Course: We both had the Cod special, it was to die for!! The cod was cooked perfectly, large portion, it came with some type of cous cous salad that was incredible--it had cranberries, some type of legumes and 15 other ingredients, I couldn't stop eating it.   
Salmon: I had the salmon at the first restaurant. It was cooked on a cedar board, cooked to perfection, huge piece of fish, side complimented it nicely  
Drinks: I had two types of wine: one was organic (never heard of organic wine) so I tried it. Very good Chardonnay, second I had a delicious Malbec, my friend had margaritas which he said were awesome! Strong and nice size glass.
Alex and his guys waxed and detailed one of my cars about a month ago and I am STILL getting compliments on the shine!!!  I'm very impressed with their level of service, they always do that extra little bit that puts them over the top.   They will be taking care of both of my cars for a long time.  :D
Used to be average, now it's not even close. NO CRAB?!?!?!? And the food they do have was just sad. Barely edible. And the people there eating are just as miserable it appears. I would have asked for my money back but I ate $11 worth of crab puffs and eggrolls and left. 

Stay away!!!
I realize there is not much variation in SAQ stores, but this one is as good as the others I've been to (and they've all been pretty good): super clean, nice staff, decent prices, cute wine bags by the cash. The selection of spirits may not be as huge as the stores I'm used to in the States, but I rarely need anything super-specific - just your basic Absolut vodkas and Bombay gins work for me, - so this SAQ served our purposes well.
Nice looking place and hostess friendly. Starting off ok. 

One cider on large beer menu; they are out. 
Chose a pale ale on menu; they are out. 
Decided on water ... you can't be out of that. 

Ordered the 'Steak & Guinness pie'; guess what ... they are out. 
Next choice was the 'Rabbit pie'; they are out. 

I left.
The service has improved so much since they remodeled it. They server was so attentive never let our drinks get low with out asking to refill us and the manager herself came over to check how our meal was and even got us more fries. Kwama was our sever and I didn't catch the managers name. It was a great experience.
Coffee was underwhelming, and the whole atmosphere of the place left a lot to be desired. I'll walk further next time.
Mike, the owner, was highly responsive and the work was excellent including thorough clean up after the foam installation.  

Chose AZ foam based an positive interaction over the phone.  Many negative reviews of most other foam insulation companies also contributed to selecting AZ Cool Foam.
I placed my office lunch order at 11:45. One thin crust pizza and chicken bites. 
Pretty difficult, right? I didn't think so. 

It is now 1:15. The pizza is still not here.  When I called, the guy on the phone was completely unapologetic. He told me I would have to wait another 10 minutes or so, because the driver still had 6 other pizzas to deliver. What?! 

I'm still waiting... still haven't heard anything. I decided to ask for my money back and called back. No answer. I've been calling for 20 minutes, never got an answer! What kind of business are they trying to run, here? If they couldn't accommodate my tiny order, I would have appreciated a courtesy call. 

It is 1:30. I just now received my pizza. Still warm, however the chicken bites were burnt and not good at all. 

Very unhappy, and most certainly will not use this domino's for my work orders again. Way to make friends in the community! 

Hope your store gets their stuff together. This is pretty ridiculous.
Taco Naco catered my son's first birthday party on 6\/12\/16. At $6\/head, it is one of the most affordable options I found. For this price, we got chicken, carne asada, and al pastor, pinto beans, rice, and sauteed veggies, plus corn and flour tortillas, 3 kinds of salsa, guacamole, and fixings like cilantro and lime. Plus a bag of chips. SO MUCH FOOD and all of it DELICIOUS. I paid extra for chafing dishes to keep the food warm, and that was great so that no one had to eat lukewarm meat. They were on time (within the 30 minute range of time they gave me) and efficient and quick with the setup. Would hire again, recommend to anyone looking for great Mexican catering. 

**one last note, they provided tongs and serving spoons and a few eating utensils, but they were small and not very useful so you'll probably want to bring your own. At $6\/head, I didn't even expect utensils and implements so it was fine.
Zero stars is more accurate than 1 star. This is literally the worst McDonald's on the planet. You'll sit in the drive thru for a lifetime, regardless of how many other cars are actually in line. The service is slower than slow, ruder than rude and just downright awful. It's like every McDonald's in the Pgh area took their single worst employee and sent them all to open a franchise here in the north side. Avoid this location at ALL costs.
Wonderful Shoyu Ramen! Huge portions! Nice quiet atmosphere! Karage was delicious! No complaints and amazing iced green tea!!!
I'm both disappointed and furious. I'm trying not to be a livid maniac, but shhh is hard. 

People post positive reviews here, and that's great. However, here's my rather different experience. 

Went to one artist, who loves Star Trek and has a bald head. Should I say his name or is that too much? Ok. I'll say his name. Smitty... He was supposed to do the tat in ONE sitting for a set price. He finishes apx 1\/2, then tells me that I have to come back and pay more. This didn't bother me because he did such a great job (THE FIRST TIME ONLY, it turns out). The (first) tattoo is asymmetrical, jetted out on the edges, is supposed to look like a pattern coming out of the skin. It's a very specific concept and design, and there really is no mystery to what it is or isn't.

When I go back to get the piece completed, he had TWO things:

1) the original print out of the concept\/design right next to him 
2) the piece that HE HIMSELF did on the front of my foot\/ankle!

On the second visit, the piece was done as I lay on my stomach, on the back of my ankle\/leg, outside of my vision. If I could have seen what he was doing, and knew the direction that he was going in, I definitely would have said something to halt the process or switch directions.

The second sitting looks absolutely nothing like the first! ITS UGLY. It looks like a blob, a block. The pattern is simply crammed together thoughtlessly in a blocked blob. It's like he paid attention to detail\/design the first time, and the second time he didn't give a flying flick... It's not a lack of competency, it's a lack of thought and it's carelessness. Rushed, only thinking about the dollar perhaps? But with all the work that I'm going to end up getting, it's best to be long term greedy and actually care about the consistency of the design. 

I ended up paying 166% of the original quoted price, PLUS tip, for the reason stated in the 3rd paragraph\/segment... so why not take time to care? It's not like I'm not paying you or tipping you. It's not like you've seen me act like uber B__ch, like how I feel like acting now! It's not like I wasn't polite or cordial at the time... Why put something rushed thoughtless and ugly, that looks absolutely nothing like the first beautiful piece, when it was supposed to be an extension of the first?

If there are 20 ways to do one thing, don't take the quickest, most basic, easiest, (and in this case, ugliest) route without checking with the person who has to end up dealing with it. If there's some confusion on the artist's part, it's best to ask what the client wants. If I knew I had to micromanage, I gladly would have done so. As stated above, HE HAD NOT ONE, BUT TWO SPECIFIC IMAGES TO WORK FROM. TWO! 

It's costly and time consuming to get a tattoo removed. Not only does it hurt like a mother-f when getting laser on a bone, but it costs $$$, and you have to wait maybe 6 weeks (?) between laser treatments. So it's months worth of time, more money, and needless pain.

Am I pissed the f off? Yes! If it was an easy repair, I wouldn't be as mad. But it's literally a block\/blob, instead of skin showing within the design and this very specific concept. I've been staring at it, trying to figure out a way how to morph it into something else or make it look not so UGLY, and I can't come up with anything except removal. 

Tattoos are supposed to be beautiful. Its art. And if you use your look for your business, have to get a photo shoot done, whatever the case may be, it's even more infuriating. People don't know what media work a person may do, or what publications that they're in... nor do they need to know.... so why assume that the look doesn't have a high level of value IN A BUSINESS\/ PROFESSIONAL SENSE??? If you're paying money, the work should be treated like it's going to be showcased in a high level magazine. Not treated like you're going to settle for less, or have no taste. It's tasteless. It's like walking into a poorly designed room with old raggedly furniture. In contrast to a room sleek and modern, with high attention to detail. 

I could write 5 books on this. I could post pictures too. But I'm going to leave it at that. I'll wait for it heal, get it removed, and find a more fitting appropriate artist to work on this long list of tats to add to my current 8. If I was a child or ghetto, maybe this work would be ok. However, I'm neither.
I was  visiting old Scottsdale last month, and I stopped at this shop, the owner was friendly and Knowledgable of the western culture.
So my girlfriend and I purchased a southwestern pottery and I am glad I did, and i can't wait to come back in the future.
The fried green tomato BLT starter was an absolutely incredible balance of flavors, textures, and temperatures, days later I was still thinking about it, and on a seven day trip ended up going back the night before I left town just to have it one more time! We shared 3 entrees among 4 very hungry adults, plus 2 starters, a side of the mac n cheese - which was amazing- and a salad. We all left stuffed to the brim and thoroughly happy. If we weren't traveling for work we would have had enough left over for a delicious lunch the next day as well. The service was top notch, Steve the manager was enthusiastic and very knowledgable about every dish, beer, and beverage. Our server was attentive without hovering and the chef even came out from the kitchen to check and make sure we were happy with everything. All four people with very different likes and palettes left feeling very happy with our meal and experience!
Do not order the Peameal bacon on Ciabatta bread sandwich unless you like paying $7+ tax for a shite sandwich with processed cheese. Expect everything to be 10% more than Starbucks on average.
When I spoke to the barista, he just smiled (like approvingly of my complaint) and asked me to speak to the owner instead! Unreal, stick to the overpriced coffee occasionally and you'll be ok.
Called quite a few times, I was trying to get a service done on my vehicle and was told I would be called back about it, waited almost a week and heard nothing back from the guy Brandon. Very disappointing as I've heard they do good work over there. I got my vehicle fixed else where.
Make sure you signup for their email list, you'll get 20-30% off coupons each week, then it makes going here a great deal for name brand clothing.
Dragged my sick ass out of bed to get here because their website said it was open from 9-5, but when I got there some guy (reception??) said "the doctor takes her last patient at 4:30" and that it was on the website.  Since it clearly wasn't on the website when I looked at it before I left the house (note: I live 10 min away), I pulled it up again and there was a little note saying "Doctor has taken her last patient for the day".  WTF??  I asked him if he thought it was reasonable that I would continue checking their website while riding my bike there and he just stared at me blankly.  I mentioned if they state they are open till 5, they should be open till 5 and not close when they feel like it.  
Needless to say I did not get treated.
I must say I was very impressied with April's knowledge and expertise. I've been in numerous times and they never disappoint. Other Petsmart locations are good, but this has been the best so far. Recently lost a reptile (RIP Rosebud) and went to browse for another. Left with a new snake. April was fantastic and knew her stuff. She was very friendly and helpful, as was the rest of the staff. This is not the most convenient location for me, but it is totally worth a small inconvenience. Definitely will return.
I wouldnt stay at this place if i lived in a tank. Gotta love las vegas. Do whatever you want and the cops dont give a shit. Larceny over $250 apparently is not a felony here. Unbelievable. Place has no security whatsoever. Had 3 bikes stolen from me. Worth over $2000. And security and metro DO NOT CARE!!
Been here only twice but food and service were consistently good, and my visits were a year apart. The first time I came was for Mother's Day. Tried their Risotto de millet à la Betterave (which at the time had beets) and it was quite unique and delicious. My partner got the Pain dorée aux pommes, which was a very generous portion. On my second visit, I was surprised the waitress didn't recommend the risotto but highly recommended the steak tartare to my friends. She was friendly and had the right level of attentiveness and didn't leave us feeling intruded upon (as wait staff in some other establishments tend to do).

I would have to say this place is a hidden gem. I don't recall seeing any hype about it on blogto or Toronto Life, and I had never heard about it when my partner first brought me here, but this place just blows me away. The food, the service, the decor. Everything is genuine and unpretentious. Can't wait to go back :)
Every time I go, they manage to impress me! This has been my go-to neighborhood salon for over a year now. Sweet family-owned business. The owners try to get to know you and always do great quality work. Peter always does my acrylics and makes it extra special with glitter he adds into the powder since I love a little bling! This last time I asked for a certain kind of glitter that ended up getting shaved off during the shaping. I knew it was my mistake so I said it was fine and not to worry but he insisted on fixing it to ensure that it reflected his standard of high quality work. He ended up re-shaping the nails and adding a layer of clear glitter gel on top to make it sparkle. I organized a conference last weekend and got at least 10 different compliments on my nails! When his wife does my pedicure with nail art, the same thing happens and people are always noticing how classy her designs are. Definitely a hidden gem! Love that they have relaxing spa music instead of loud tv's or booming hip hop (I love hip hop, but it's nice to just relax when I'm getting a mani pedi). The salon gets busy in the evenings but it always seems pretty peaceful even when it's busy. I think it's a reflection of the staff. They even have a stamp card for pedicures if you're a regular to earn a free one! Not to mention that their basic spa pedicure is super cheap ($18)!! Definitely worth checking out!
Great deal on Tuesdays and love the atmosphere! Only negative would be that it's in gvr- would love for borrachas to have a free standing restaurant!
This Taco Bell is really just the worst ... From the wait times to the way they constantly screw up your order. And let's hope they actually have the drink you want in stock otherwise you'll have to settle for something else. Please make sure to check your bag before you leave otherwise you'll be missing a thing or two .
Superbe petit salon avec une des meilleures stylistes en ville! Bianca est la meilleure; je lui fait confiance avec mes cheveux depuis 7 ans !
It seems over the  last few days I've been here quite a bit and have probably spent way too much money. But I've gotten some really good deals.  And two of my kids work here. 
It's also a really good place to walk out of the heat and get some exercise. 
Good restaurants in front of it.
We come for the bento box. Includes choice of protein, tempura, sushi roll, side salad and miso soup. And service is above and beyond. A must try.
By far the best pizza in the area!  Had several people over and all agreed excellent pizza, wings, and hoagies.  Deliver was much faster than quoted.
Its 6:45pm on Thursday night and daughter and I are starving, I'm not in the mood for cooking and would like a steak, so happens there was a flier in the mail for Black Angus Campfire Feast for Two for 39.95. I told my daughter here is our mission, to get Black Angus have our dinner and be done in 50 mins to be on time to pick up son at his job. 

So off we went, we were seated right away. I clearly explained to my daughter how the campfire feast worked, but somewhere between talking to her and her looking at the menu she got carried away, so I got her back on track, and asked her what type of appetizer she would like, for me it didn't matter. 

She started us off with the wagon wheel sampler, which is perfect to share with 2, it's the best of everything, Shrimp Cocktail, fried garlic-pepper zucchini, buffalo chicken and loaded potato skins. Everything was great, I have to say my favorite where the zucchini, even though it was fried, it was lightly fried and not greasy, and the flavor was delish!

For my meal I ordered the 12oz ribeye a loaded baked potato and Caesar salad .
Lets start with the Caesar salad, omg the slices of parmesan cheese on this salad was amazing! I love parmesan cheese and this salad was not lacking in it! So very good!  My loaded potato wasn't really loaded, it had bacon cheese and sour cream, but more like a micro mini scoop of it, but it was better for me that way because even though I went all HAM on this dinner, I still need to watch what I eat.  The ribeye, it was cooked medium and still very pink, but it was flavorless it could have been hit with some salt & pepper before the grilling.

For the dessert we had the cookie and ice cream, my daughter really enjoyed that, I had a few bites, but honestly I was just full!  The chocolate chip cookie though did taste heavenly sweet! 

Our server was Rachel and she was awesome! We did make it out within 50 mins and I did make it in time to get my son from work, did I feel guilty for going out to eat, maybe for a brief moment when he was heating up his hot pockets in the microwave, but that passed away quickly .  ( I did take him to get food elsewhere I'm not heartless LOL)
I come to this complex a lot and have probably walked by Sushi style 100s of times!  I finally decided to pop in for lunch, and am I glad I did!  Prices are great and the sushi is amazing!  I will definitely be coming back.
Dr. Diskin and his staff are wonderful. Our dog Buddy has received all of his shots at PAWS and was recently neutered at their office. (Poor Guy).
The office is clean and staff are always friendly- we have never had a large wait time and the prices for all the services offered are extremely reasonable. I will never go to a "big box" pet clinic again. Thanks PAWS!
Disappointed. I can't speak to the rooms as I wasn't staying there. Had a friend leave me a key to meet her at Foxtail (the pool). I was staying at Hard Rock & they had my luggage as it was too early to check in. Pool boys wouldn't let me in because I wasn't in "swim attire". I was wearing shorts & a tank top... Was told I had to be in a swimsuit... ?

My friend came out and met me at a bar. Bar service was good (that's where they got the second star).

When I went to leave they had left my car up front in valet because I wasn't going to be there long. Even though I could see my car they sent me to a remote location to "scan my ticket". Computer couldn't find my ticket & it was difficult to find a person to help me! Finally I got sent back to my original location & I got my car. 

Maybe it's because they haven't worked their kinks out yet. But I was not impressed!
The original review, written below, got yanked after 2+ years being here on yelp because of vulgar language...here it is, in its glory, without the C bomb being dropped.

********************************

I am not sure what happened, but somewhere around December things were getting sloppy here at Bark Avenue. I figured it was the holidays and my last trip there wasn't very pleasant - the snotty cashier who glared at me when I walked in should've been an indicator.

She looked at my credit card and ID and said it should match. That is an ongoing battle with Wells Fargo for the past ten years, btw - they haven't been very good at issuing me a new card with my married name. Nevermind that my AZ DL has my maiden name as my middle name with my new last name, so you can clearly see the that I am the person, anyway, I digress. I told her that it's been a battle with Wells Fargo.

The cashier merely looked down at me and said, "Next time I may not permit you to buy anything from here."

*insert record scratching noise here and hit the rewind button*

The cashier merely looked down at me and said, "Next time I may not permit you to buy anything from here."

Ok, I did hear correctly and you did read correctly, too.

WHUUUUUUUT?!

Again.

WHUUUUUUUT?! Whuut?!

Ok, maybe holiday shoppers and family life is stressing her out, so I cut her some slack.

Friends who have gone there on my recommendation have found service to be downright rude and obnoxious.

I went back there last month - I've been meaning to write a review, but have been stalling - and the cranky woman's partner in crime was there. The same condescending woman from December rang up my purchases, didn't even look at me, nothing. Kept talking to her friend. I paid in cash this time...not even a thank you. No acknowledgement, nothing.

Calling it like I see it - Bark Avenue is overpriced and frankly, I don't want to have to pay for poopy butt snobby, horribly DEPLORABLE AND REPUGNANT customer service.

Avoid Bark Avenue. I'll drive to Scottsdale or Phoenix or order my dog's food off the internet.

It's not worth the hassle. Avoid Bark Avenue. They think they're better than the others...and they're not.

I had always been a staunch supporter of local businesses, but this is one local business who lost my support.
Regarding Doctor Barry and the PRN's in her office - excellent heath care professionals... I really hate to leave to find another doctor but, unfortunately, the same measure of professionalism is not present with the front desk staff. I have been a patient of Dr. Barry's for years, however, after my wife was refused an appointment because she wouldn't give the receptionist her social security number over the phone, I have had enough. In addition to being very rude to her and making her feel terrible, they refused to even schedule her for an appointment with out a social security number. Doctors and hospitals do not need that information in order to see you and they certainly don't need that information to be given over the phone when setting up an appointment. Its definately time to find a new doctor! not because of the doctor but because of her office staff. RUDE & uncaring!
NOTE: Social Security Numbers are not needed by hospitals or Doctors - only insurance companies can require you to provide your social security number.
1 year later and still one of my favorites !! Every bite or drink of everything I've ordered is mouth watering good !!! 
Definitely give the shrimp grits appetizer  a try ! You will never have grits like this anywhere !
Second time was more eventful. Very stressful. Good guys. But sadly will have to get service closer to my area.
Great food there . Love the waffle. Great amount for breakfast, ate it for lunch though. The environment there is pretty good
I absolutely adore living at the 211! I moved downtown Las Vegas to be closer to the art scene and I had may eye on this place for years, there was finally an opening and glad I got in! Ive been here about 7 months now and seriously could not have found a better place to live! All utilities included and the staff is amazing! If it wasn't for Raye and Denise I seriously wouldn't know what I would do lol. They make this place so fun! They're very sweet and they're always so helpful if you need anything. I have no complaints besides the fact that I didnt move in sooner!
Thank you Wynn for treating me like a celebrity (although I am secretly am haha).  I returned here and had an awesome experience thanks to management (will withhold name just for privacy).

We got sat in probably the best seat in the house which is with the garden view in the middle.  As a vegetarian, it is nice to see them have some more options during brunch surprisingly enough.  I do say this as an egg eater though, so if you are vegan, I suggest you ask them to show you what is available before you decide to purchase the buffet (if possible).  I was told dinner is probably best for vegetarians\/vegan.  I happened to decide brunch was the best time for us to go.

Great service and well prepared food.  The second visit tops the first one for sure.  I was not planning to return, but they wanted me to give it another chance, and I thank you for it.  Thank you Wynn!  I will be coming to try dinner again!

Sorry this update took so long.  I have been planning to write it since I got back.
Far and away the best vet in town. Dr. Dolginoff is kind, caring, compassionate and of course very knowledgable.  He takes time to get to know you and your pet, asks questions, listens and addresses all your concerns. I've also used them for boarding and grooming and would recommend all of their services. 

The office staff is always kind and helpful. The facility itself is state of the art with a large waiting area and exam rooms. They keep it clean at all times - I've honestly never seen the place dirty!  I love that you never have to wait to be seen - no overbooking happens here. It's centrally located and pretty much no more than a 20 minute drive from anywhere in the valley. 

The bottom line is that you will not find a better vet or facility in Las Vegas. My family has been going to him for years and we wouldn't go anywhere else. We love Dr. D!!!
I hate leaving a bad review when the food was good, but the service was terrible.  And I am not one to really complain about service.  
I got there at 8:00 on the dot for my 8:00 reservation and asked if we could sit outside (there were 3 open tables).  The hostesses looked confused and said to take a seat and they would see what they could do.  15 minutes later people came in who the hostesses knew and the hostesses beamed at them and told them that they had been saving 3 tables outside so that their friends could have their pick. Ummm... ok... at this point i'm a little annoyed but assume I will be seated next and so I get over it.
I then wait a few more minutes and another friend of the hostesses comes in and they are given a choice of the other two tables outside.  
Finally...8:25 I am seated.
Around 8:40 a server finallyyyy comes by and puts water on the table and asks what we would like to drink, etc.  another 15 min go by, we order dinner, then we are told that they dont have the wine we ordered, so we order a different wine.
The food comes...still no wine...FINALLY after we are halfway through the first food item the wine comes.
If you are going to have bad service, at least get the drinks to the table.  That is serving 101!
We left never wanting to go back which is sad because the short rib ravioli was delicious and the pizza was good and so were the shrimp tacos.  
I was talking to people about it at work today and two other groups had the same bad service we had!  They really need to fix this because there are just too many places in Charlotte that have good food and way better service for anyone to put up with this.
First time here at  Hi Scores I can say that it was really nice . They have 2 bars and 2 different areas you can hang out in . The one area had the cool arcade games and a bar which was nice "No smoking " . The other side had a huge bar and  gambling.  The staff were all nice and friendly.  One of the girl bartender surprised me with a delicious drink since I had no idea what to order. Lol !!! I would love to go back for Happy hour
I love my Costco! There are only 4 Costcos in the Valley, and the one in downtown doesn't really count bc it doesn't have a food court, and the merchandise is mostly for food service businesses. The other Costco in Summerlin is way too busy, like I'm back in OC, and the Henderson one is way too far! This one is only a few mins from my house.

And there is hardly ever a line for gas here either.

Or the food court! $1.50 for a hot dog or polish plus a drink! (Don't forget to ask for sauerkraut.)

I'm sure everyone knows to come in the afternoons and all the sample carts will be out. Since this location isn't super busy, there isn't a mad rush for samples either.

There can be a bit of a wait at the four way traffic light to turn into Costco. Here's a tip (that I can't believe not more people do, or have figured out), go past the 4 way traffic light and turn left at the very next turn. You'll get into the lot faster and with less traffic. Easy access to the gas pumps too if that's what you need.
Come here with friends or family in a big group, you can "take on" on the menu, as a the pleasant server put it, when you have plenty of people to share with.

For one thing, they have excellent short ribs here! I've longed for fall off the bone ribs since I first tasted them at some hole in the wall up in Michigan during my college days. The mac 'n' cheese was a get pairing, it came out hot & cheesy, cooked with shells so it had a stuffed taste to it. The deviled eggs were also one of my faves of the night.

The outdoor patio isn't large, but they have enough sitting to fit several tables and at least 2 large parties, we picked a perfect night to enjoy the weather, so I'd definitely recommend doing the same if you can.

I've heard they've got a great bar, which from the looks of passing it appears to be true. For an up and coming area, this restaurant fits in well.
Didn't really know what to expect when I visited Yutaka, but my stomach and I left content.

The restaurant was clean and well furbished, and our waiter was courteous and friendly. My friends and I ordered a variety of rolls and dishes from their "kitchen" section on the menu. The sushi was good, it was better than the average around here but nothing particularly stood out which felt a bit weird given the place presented itself as more upscale. 

Their red dragon roll was the most popular at table. I particularly loved the oyster isobeyaki- loved the taste the yuzu added. The edamame could have used more salt on it.

While the food was good, as a GTA-er, I could find sushi of the same quality around my hood so it wasn't worth the trip for me to come all the way down for Yutaka. However, if you're in the area and wish to have some authentic Japanese cuisine, this place would be perfect.
Bar Roma in my opinion is one of the better traditional Italian restaurants in Edinburgh (although that's not too difficult!). I have always received good food and good service whenever I have been. The steaks and pasta dishes are always very good. The décor is quite nice too. Bar Roma is located in the west end close to Ryan's Bar. I would recommend you always book a table before going here as it can get quite busy at times. Overall the food is good but then again you do pay for it because it's not the cheapest place in the world to eat  definitely above average.
I came here both times to meet guests or new found Las Vegas friends.
I like the location, right on the edge before descending into downtown. 

It was close to some folks I met at a nearby tattoo parlor. I have played a few slots and had a shot or two of Jose Cuervo. 

I really want to make it back for the Karaoke night.
Can't beat $13 bottomless mimosas! I love everything about this place and have added it to my must attend bars\/brunches when we're in Scottsdale for Spring Training. Go Giants!
I have been with Cox (just internet) for a total of 2 years. I must say that the Internet is the slowest, go out at anytime that I have ever come across. I tried calling them and they have the nerve to email me talking about my overage. Well how can that be with no service? I refuse to have cable with them. If I can't stay with direct tv, I will not have cable at all. 

If you are servicing a large area be prepared,  step up your game. If it gets worse, I will just use my phone as a hot spot. Shame!
These guys did an excellent job with my Lexus after it had been hit twice.  Great customer service and great work. Brandon provided updates throughout the process and was available to answer all questions I had. They made what can usually be a hassle into a seamless experience. I was recommended this place, and would recommend them to anyone.
I made my 1st visit to the venue as part of a Food Crawl Event with a dining out social Group; Pray Tell was our 4th stop and I shared a quite flavourful and delicious veggie pizza pocket w\/1 other.  As I\/we were on a food crawl (visiting quite a few venues) I didn't have anything else to eat or drink there bur I was quite impressed with the variety of décor and the quite friendly and prompt service we received, especially as we were a group of 12.  I hope to make it back sometime to try other menu choices as there seems to be a variety of appealing options at pretty reasonable prices.
Beef Noodle soup is one of my favorite TW dishes. It's okay here, for the price (and convenience... its close to home). I like the flavor of the broth. The noodles are okay, although they don't seem like the typical types of noodles that you get in Beef Noodle soup. My main complaint is about the beef... it was pretty dry & flavorless. 

Also got the popcorn chicken, which I enjoyed. 

It's about a 10min walk from the subway station. Accepts credit card. Street parking available. As others have mentioned its tiny inside... makes sense to get take out. 

I'll probably return, because of the convenience. But I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Kaylee at this location has done wonders to my eyebrows! I didn't know how important good brows were to beauty until she landscaped me to have perfectly arched brows. I joke that the only thing I regret in life are my eyebrows 10 years ago...but I'm not totally joking. And Kaylee is the only waxer I've ever been to that is gentle enough my sensitive skin doesn't leave bumps\/pimples as a souvenir from the waxing. And they have good package deals so she's stuck with me :)
Monta Ramen serves "KURUME" style Tonkotsu Ramen from Fukuoka. It's a broth made from selected pork bones and special soy sauce imported from Japan. Nice!!
Small but clean ramen spot, Monta always seems like there is a long wait out the door. 
The Kuro Ramen was black & impressive, the Tokotsu Ramen was creamy and deep. Both had thick and rich pork based broth with thin, unrisen noodles. The fried rice was well mannered with excellent seasoning & the gyoza was surprisingly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. 
Service was o-kay ....most likey because it was super busy with only two waitresses on the floor. The whole time, i felt rushed. The glares from the hungry customers waiting for a table to the right of us was piercing & hurting. 
Other than that, yes! i'm a fan!!

Good For Kids: Yes
Highchair: Yes
Yummy restaurant in the middle of the very expensive and very prestigious shopping mall. Random spot for such a tasty place, but it was worth it. 

My friend and I shared the Caesar salad and then we each had the same pasta dish and for the life of me I cannot remember what it was called but I was happy.

Perfect last meal in Vegas
The ambiance was the only thing I didn't love about this place but even that was fine. The food was interesting\/unique and the service was exceptional. James our server took our experience to the next level. This place was worth all of the recommendations we got from friends
Simply the best ! As a real estate professional I only recommend the very best service providers to my clients and that is definitely true of East West Blinds. They have great customer service, competitive prices, deliver on time and the work is perfect ! Not only do I recommend them to my clients but also my friends and family.
Vegan Friendly!

Been many times. Staff is always in a good mood, knowledgable and happy to please. Quick to fix any issues too. PR is on point. Prices are reasonable and portions are generous. Thank You!
I ordered the high roller for delivery smelled so good in the box Its really good quality pizza a lot better then joes NY pizza taste really fresh I like this pizza place probably be ordering another pizza again soon
Where do I start? This place is absolutely phenomenal.  My wife and I were there for 4 days, 3 nights, and there wasn't a single thing to complain about, even if we tried to find something, there wasn't. My wife and i were celebrating our 1yr anniversary and we wanted to go overseas (but the flights and weather didn't permit) so we looked for something stateside close to home and we came across this place.  Thank god we did. Everyone was extremely nice and they were ON POINT with everything. Within an hour they remebered our names and faces. When we booked the room, they asked us what the occasion wad and we told them. They had complimentary champagne and chocolates for us, a welcome\/congratulations card (personalized), and little welcome box with in house made chocolate,  granola bar, and carmel. We also took our cake and a bottle of champagne to celebrate and they held it in their house fridge for us and and delivered it to the room when we asked. Boris, Steve, Cody, Damien, Lorett, and Kayla went above and beyond every single time. I know we won't forget them.  Besides the gorgeous property, they are the ones that helped make our stay memorable and helped convince us to come back (the 24hr pools and hot tubs play a big role in it too haha).
2nd time being to the club within the year, and both visits were awesome. the first time we met a magical unicorn named Alena (spelling?) who was the perfect fit for my boyfriend and I, she made us feel so comfortable and confident in our own relationship, that the experience with her was that much better. but after that in counter we lost contact. the second time was enjoyable but being a couple no girls were as eager to come up to us even I pursued 2-3 girls who said they would come chat but then would sit by the bar and talk to friends but we ended enjoying lap dances by Red. Bartender is awesome and even called us when we left our tab open!  defiantly our favorite place to venture to in Vegas and will be back!
I'm from NYC so I know about different  cultures and one of my comfort food is Dominican food.  We finally found a place that reminds me of home. 

As you walk in, your greeted by a friendly  hostess who seats you quickly.  The tables are so old school with plastic table clothes but Ilove it! 

The menu is cleverly attached to a cutting board.  The menu stays with the classic tradition of authentic Dominican food. This is great since AZ needs a little more diversity when it comes to food and BOY does this help! 

Try everything once!

We had a party of 8 and everyone ordered something different which made it so much fun! 

We had braised Chicken, grilled chicken, garlic shrimp even Chicken Alfredo.  I know! WOW... DELICIOUS! 

Everything we ordered had flavor for days and you get plenty of food, enough to take home. 

The selection of beer was limited but the sangria was amazing. 

DESSERTS..... coconut flan, Tres Leches.... I can't anymore.  

This is a cultural experience that everyone should try!
Came in on a Sunday and the place was busy but they got 2 of us in pretty quick. 

Would come back.
Always find what we want. Good prices on everything from scree drivers, magnificent glass, generators, weed eaters, anything you need!
I usually order a few dishes off their regular and catering menu. It's always been fast and delicious. I usually call in a large order to last us a few days and they have it ready for me when I get there.  It's inexpensive, delicious and the portions sizes are large. Their food is not as rich and fattening as most Indian restaurants.  

I recommend the mixed vegetable curry, chicken tikka masala, butter chicken, shish kabab, tandoori chicken, naan and gulab jamun.  Those are the dishes I've tried and loved! 

Now this is not an eat in place, although there is one table there that you could eat in if you chose. It's one of those hole in the wall gems! The staff are also very courteous and even help to bring my orders out to my car.
5 Stars for a 5 Star meal!  The waiter had a bit of snarky attitude which was a bit off putting (tried making us feel dumb about the questions we had about dishes) That's what lost the restaurant a star.  Aside from that, the carpaccio was to die for with the black truffle pearls!  And the pasta was equally as amazing!  I highly suggest this restaurant for large groups as it is very accommodating.  This is definitely an awesome restaurant!
I never understand why take out food places automatically ask for tips (when paying with card)... if you don't have seating- and you're not leaving the conforts of behind your counter why do you feel you deserve 15%?

I tip my coffee\/ tea places always- by choice (into their tip jar)- why? Because they're pleasant- they smile, listen and add to the positivity in my day.

Bolt- you were rude, when I asked a question you totally disregarded it, and there just seems to be a cloud of gloominess behind the counter- so no- you do not deserve the 15percent and I consciously will hit "other" and choose 0. Because you are miserable and I do not believe in rewarding negative Behaivior.

Please leave my neighbourhood to make room for another shop that brings in more pleasant staff!!
Do not attempt, don't eat there
Picked up some takeout today and there was some tasteless chicken and fries plus coke slaw was bland
Also there a hair in the chicken crust!

Would not visit or try again.
Quality is awesome.  Service was great, specially since we were a large group celebrating a birthday. Not a single mistake in our order, now that's impressive.  Appetizers were very good, good amount and cooked to perfection. The staff was very cordial, well trained, and showed a lot of professionalism. Congratulations to the entire management!!!!!
Coming from a service based profession, I can tell you that trustworthy, reliable and expert assistance is, at a minimum, difficult to find these days. Justin is a rare treasure and has earned not only my business, but my referrals for life (or as long as he will tolerate me)!

Twice in a week, he has come to my rescue. Twice in a week, he has good heartedly tolerated my insistence to try to fix my pool myself. With patience, he walks me through each of my issues explaining how things work, or in my case, don't work.

His experience and knowledge is incredible! His responses are timely and thorough. He is a shining example of professional!
Not a bad place, one of the smaller gyms I've been too. Somewhat crowded at time. The gyms main focus is on cardio equipment with lots of treadmills and a small area for free weights. Biggest downside and reason I had to leave the gym was the hours. Their hours stink if you have any kind of scheule!
Centennial Toyota normally provides pretty decent service. They love to "up-sale " so be on the look out for that. If you require to get an oil change it will be quite pricey. They will charge you anywhere from $80 to $600. A basic oil change will run you about 80 dollars. Nevertheless, they have an oil change called a peace of mind that will cost you over $600 dollars (up-sale). They suggest you get this service whenever you reach a mileage marker  (15,000\/30,000\/60,000) etc...However, the service people are very kind.
Awesome local coffee beverages from Heartwood Roastery and Rising Star. Gluten free baked goods from So Sweet and vegan baked goods from Poisonberry and Cornucopia. It's so wonderful to see Nature's Bin's baked goods and side salads still being served. This place has so many amazing local products and such a friendly staff. My favorite products are definitely the Sage and Spice teas and aromatherapy. I am a huge fan of her products and it's great to be able to get them at this store! Also they have a delicious vegan peppermint, dark chocolate mocha!!!  Give it a try!
After my boyfriend's and my canyon adventure trip we completed covering all 5 of Utah's famous canyon national parks and closing it up with the Grand Canyon and Hoover dam we were really looking forward to a nice dinner with impeccably made food.  

We went early around 5 or 6 and it was a good thing that we did because this buffet gets crowded fast!!  The line went by quickly and we were even offered to have our picture taken at the front of the buffet.  We sure weren't dressed for a nice picture to be taken but we did and then proceeded to order the picture later that evening, what better way to remember a great dinner at an amazing buffet than with a professional picture taken?  

We were seated in the wood themed seating area towards the back but it had a sense of peace in this area.  I liked that each part of the large restaurant had a theme going on which I can't really describe at this moment in detail but I assure you it certainly feels like a different experience in each part.  Our waitress was very attentive and sweet and though I was freezing where we sat my order of tea, which is not just any old tea by the way, helped bunches.  I love that this buffet goes the extra mile in taking care of guests.  My tea was certainly nothing I would find down the grocery aisle, in my opinion, and it came with my very own sealed itty bitty honey jar.  How sweet and cute is that?  I was amazed just by the tea.  

We started off from the Asian food section way in the back and worked our way up having a separate plate for the cut in half crab legs of course.  Everything was top notch and what I noticed on the other side of the counter was how well the employees worked together.  Coming from a food & beverage background it says a lot when the back end runs as smoothly as it does on the front end.  From what I saw  it seems that they've got a good team going on as far as who preps the food.   

The meat section was really crowded but that's where the bottled juices were, I loved these!! I grabbed the guava juice and it tasted just as good as I remember it does, guava juice is hard to come by in Nebraska!! The crab legs were probably my favorite next to the delicious desserts!  The next time I'm here I'd like to try the dessert first just so I have enough room in my stomach to try a piece of almost everything.  It's hard to try every type of food you want to at a buffet because everything looks good and at this buffet it certainly tastes good.  I highly recommend any of the asian dishes, the crab legs, and the Italian.  My boyfriend said his lamb was good and of course the desserts.  

This dinner, though pricey, was the perfect treat after a 5 day canyon adventure trip through Utah and Arizona!
While I've been to the Westin Kierland for various occasions including drinks and dinners at Deseo, extravagant events in the ballrooms, and most recently, Phoenix Cooks, tonight is my first actual overnight stay at this huge resort.  

Centrally located just a quick walk from Kierland Commons, and dog friendly too, there's nothing negative I can say about this place!  Friendly staff all around, heavenly beds, and so much more to explore...

Minnie and I are hanging in the room (with an incredible view I may add) while Jared is partying it up in one of the ballrooms, but we plan on taking full advantage of our staycation here tomorrow... I'll be checking out the fitness room, the pool (if the weather cooperates), and maybe even room service.  I plan on updating, but until then, I highly recommend this beautiful resort.
Came here on a Wednesday afternoon for dinner with my folks and my dog. We sat outside on the patio since we had the dog with us. Service was fantastic and very attentive. They even brought out a bowl of water for the dog. Menu is not huge but has a variety of entrees plus salads and sandwiches. Had the kale Caesar which was very tasty- wish they had a vegetarian option too. Nice location in shop area by Harris Teeter. Dress was business casual- lots of after work happy hour goers. I would come again.
Alright people... For those of you unfamiliar with poutine this place is a spectacular arena to get educated on the subject. 
French Canadians have taken fries to the next level... They dump a ridiculous amount of unrelated food on top of a heaping pile of fries. And voila! Poutine!!!
The classic is what peeps in the north east USA would refer to as Disco Fries... Cheese Curds and gravy on fries.
On this visit I had "The Montrealer" which is what Canadians call smoked meat, which is essentially pastrami, with Swiss cheese mushrooms and gravy, with a fried pickle. Like a Ruben sandwich all poutine'd up. 
I'd recommend getting the regular portion.. The large size may cause your arteries some trouble.
By far the worse rolled tacos ive ever had. The rolled tacos taste like hamster food and fish covered in what's supposed to be guacamole...but the guacamole tastes like gasoline. I feel sick after eating at this location. Save your money and go to taco bell. This place is NO BUENO.
Great Store! I did not expect such a good prices and knowledgeable staff. They provided me with excellent information about all board games that I showed interest in. It helped me a lot to have a clear understanding about what I was buying. 

Prices were unbelievable....They are selling most of popular board games are much cheaper than other stores I had been to before. It was even better that online prices. considering shipping cost, it is definitely worth going to the store and get couple of games.
I Will never go to this theater ever ever again i try not to write reviews but on tuesday 3\/28 5:00pm. an employee treated me like garbage worst experience at marcus theater ever. I have never been treated that way before. I went to go see the movie Get out with my Cousin well the lady rudely tells me no he cant because he is 16 and i was like yeah im 26.  FIY Marcus policy states rated R movies to be with parent and or gaurdian which i stated and she kept rudely saying saying no. If marcus is not going to stand by the policy they put in place or teach the staff to do so then they need to change the said policy. That said i also did not travel 50 mins to go this theater to get talked down to and treated like a child. I go to a movie almost every week and its always at a marcus.  But i don't know if i will ever return to this marcus.
Love love love love!!!!

It's been years since I've been here.
I finally talked my husband into trying it.
I was a little nervous as taste buds change.

But it was 10 times better than I even remembered.
My husband was pretty blown away too.
& The portions were perfect for us to share.
Great Job party of 7 executed very well.  ANNA F did an excellent job.  I hate yelp and what it does to people.  Always giving them a reason to look for the worst in places.  But this place was so great I decided to write my first review about it.  I promise to only use this sight for good.  Pay it forward Anna:)
Daniel is the best 
Super straight lines on beards nd fades 
Highly recommend! 
Also very nice vibe 
Good atmosphere for family 
Or just just cool ppl that need a hair cut
Place is a small window to order from in side New York casino. Food court area. I'm not from the east coast or anything. And as far as I've heard they are known for their fried clams and what not. Never had them but I've heard good things about them. Their clam chowder and fish and chips are the bomb though! Both of which I had  Obvi. But really good food and usually under 10$ for clam chowder with a sourdough bread bowl! I won't compare their bread bowl to paneer bread bakery but still good bread and really really good soup. Fish and chips are gold and crisp. French fries made pretty good too. Like actual  fries. Not processed potato. Been here a few times and will come back. I recommend this joint!!
Friendly staff and pretty good beds.  I used the Mystic booth in conjunction with a regular bed.  They sold me on some aloe-type lotion to use before the Mystic bed that's supposed to even out the tan and prevent unsightly peeling.  Sadly, they didn't have any left to sell me so the girl at the counter let me use the sample\/employee tube.  Super nice of her!  It worked really well and I will definitely purchase it the next time I go in.  The beds were clean and it was pretty affordable.  I will definitely go back to Palm Beach the next time I need some color!
Great service, great food. Will go again. 
Chocolate overdose. That's the way I want to go
First and last time going there. The food wasn't anything special, prices were alittle expensive for a burger joint. I mean I don't mind paying for a good burger but it wasn't good. I ordered the bachi pickles, they were okay but very little and the just fries. The just fries was good and plenty but they gave only a tiny bit of ketchup and when requesting more it cost .50 for more ketchup. The burger came about 15 minutes after we finish the fries. They were very big but didn't taste that great. I don't recomend going there. I must say I did love the decor though, very trendy, wish I could say that about the food and service.
I guess being from Nova Scotia, my expectations were a little high. The exhibition had some really neat features like the rebuilt grand staircase and the corridors that looked like the levels of the deck but it was hard to enjoy and really read anything since it was so crowded. Also, I hated that you couldn't take any photos. I would have loved to have had one of the staircase but of course, they wanted to take your photo and charge you ridiculous amounts. I still think it had some really awesome aspects of this exhibit, including the passing board they give you with a real passengers history. Neat for those who don't have a great knowledge of the ship.
Wow! When I think of crepes I think of fruit and syrup and the like - I don't think of eggs and stuff folded into a crepe. I had the 8am, which is eggs, sausage, cheese, peppers and onion folded into a crepe. It was delish!
I had a simple coffee, which was good, but next time I'll try the specialty coffees, of which they have plenty
Also, when I come back I'll have to try some of sweet crepes too!
I do not recommend this place at all. The desk manager Rajeev was a total jerk to me. First of all I book this on an application and paid in advance. When I went to check in not only did he want to see several forms of identification but then he took one credit card and swiped it and put in the wrong information and said that he needed a $150 incidental charge on a credit card for my stay. I said I pre-paid this already. He said no I need $150 hold on your credit card. I told him that's why I gave him my platinum card. He said it wasn't working. I told him I'm not gonna give you $150 cash the room was already paid for. He said well you can't have the room if I don't get a hold. And I said well then I'll just go across the way to another hotel and stay there and you can refund my room. He said if you go to that hotel room that I don't have to refund anything.

Turns out that this guy was the manager and this is a franchise so you're not gonna have any records with corporate because they don't care. I wouldn't recommend anybody stay here even if it's just for the night you're better off sleeping in the airport
Food definitely doesn't taste as good as the one on 19th and Thunderbird and Alex rolled his eyes the entire time I was trying to correct the order he messed up..thought it would be better because it's brand new but I thought wrong. I won't ever go back to that location.
Came in met with Omar was great about what tint worked best for our vehicle. Did the tint in a timely manner and a great price. The vehicle looks great would recommend Omar's window tinting to all friends and family.
Amazing pizzas and Fantastic customer service. We got half Casanova and half sweet potato with prosciutto added mmmmmmm mmmmm It was amazing. This is my new favorite pizza place.... The burrata is gooey deliciousness too!
Wow! I am very pleased with the services and professionalism Crystal offers. She was prompt to respond and got me an appointment right away (same day). As soon as I walked in I was prompted with a kind greeting and a seat to be taken care of. Furthermore, she was very careful as she worked miracles on my chin length hair (stacked in back) to resulting in long blonde locks! I HIGHLY recommend Crystal for hair care\/extensions. 

The best part was socializing with her and seeing the love and hard work she and her family put into their business. 

Oh! & my fiancé was in "ahhhh" on how good the extensions look and how well she blended them with my original hair.
Clean, gorgeous place! Fantastic wait staff, AMAZING, AUTHENTIC CUISINE! So impressed! Go, go, go!
My family stayed at the hotel next door for a week on vacation and when we saw this restaurant we wanted to try it. Being from the Midwest, we are accustomed to huge portions of food. So when our order came, we were concerned that it may not be enough. But surprisingly, it was just right. US EGG became our go to place.  We tried other places in the area but they were so-so and ok.  We definitely preferred US EGG.  Now, we are back home and been to our regular breakfast place a couple of times and realized that the huge portions are overwhelming and end up feeling heavy and slow. We may have to find another place for breakfast now and I don't mean that in a bad way.  BTW, the protein pancakes are awesome!  I'm a fan now!
I like to start out any restaurant reviews with I'm a vegetarian so my choice of food is limited. Please take that in to consideration.

I've been here once before and had breakfast, and it might have been one of the best breakfasts in the world. I would have given it 5 stars if I wrote my review that day. 

I went yesterday for a sandwich and salad and thought it was so so at best. I was a little bummed about the instruction, or lack of instruction from the staff on how to order. It appears, and I didn't know this while ordering, that you can pick what ingredients you want to add or delete from certain sandwiches or salads. I got what I got, and it didn't exactly include what I like, or what I didn't. 

Today I would give it three stars, but since I liked the breakfast so much, I'll mix the review to give it 4 stars. Only fair. 

I'll go back and give it a try again sometime. I'm in no rush to get there, but I wouldn't avoid the place either. For breakfast, if I do want some french toast, waffles, or pancakes I'll head down to give a second shot for sure!
My 2013 Acura ILX was purchased from the Acura of Peoria dealership - I am the original owner.  My vehicle has been recalled due to an airbag defect that probably won't, but could kill me, if I were to get in an accident.  I have been told that my vehicle may not be fixed until July.  Though Acura has put me in a rental car (Hyundai Accent) I am frustrated.  I am responsible to make monthly payments on a car that is in the dealerships possession.  I am not a satisfied customer.  At one time I would have told you I would be a lifetime Acura owner - unfortunately I no longer feel the same.
This is review is regarding Dr. Kelly Blare: I first saw him in 1990 at age 22, which is when I first need vision help (glasses, now contacts). I continued with him, thru exams and infections, until 1998 when we moved to California. Even after moving, I continued to make appts with only him, set for when we went back for visits. (Yes, he's that good and that professional!) Around  2003, I finally changed to a doctor out here only because I finally found one I liked  - Dr. Shervin Yazdan - She is awesome too!
The High Roller was really fun! I wouldn't pay full price, but I got a two-for-one flex pass deal on Groupon with buy one get one free drinks, prints, and a discount in the store.

The total ride is about 30 minutes long. It's incredibly smooth and you really don't feel the cabin moving. They kind of pack you in there when it's busy, so I tried to go on a less busy time, but of course at night. Even if you're afraid of heights, I think you'd be ok in this because you really feel as if you are on an observation deck and not in an observation wheel.

It's one of those things that when you visit Vegas, you should do at least once. Beautiful view, the staff were very friendly, and I would suggest to anyone. But, again, at a discount. $45\/ticket is way too much for a 30 minute ride. If you want a free, pretty view, you can always go to the Mandarin Oriental Mandarin Bar and look out the panoramic windows on the 23rd floor.
Go see sal  he is the best at deeeep  tissue massage I would go everyday if I could afford it:-)
As a recent transplant to the area, I tried this place my first Sunday morning in town and absolutely loved it. There are few things in life I enjoy more than a great breakfast! That being said, I have been back every Sunday since for breakfast. 

An unusual selection of great foods, with great flavor. Love the chicken sausage, love the oatmeal pancakes. Good coffee too. Friendly service. I also love the decor, it's very kitschy and cool all at the same time.

I'm a fan, for certain!
We decided to check this place out on a Thursday night. It was looked pretty empty and we were able to get a seat right away in the bar area. If we wanted to eat in the main dining area the wait was 45 minutes.  Our server was amazing! Probably one of the best we've ever had. She had lots of suggestions on menu items as well as drink options. I decided on the crab cakes and my husband got a filet and a side of mashed potatoes. The food was good. The mashed potatoes were just okay. The drinks were amazing. The server had recommended a few for us to try.  It was a little on the pricey side but it was worth it for the quality of food and the service.
Rootbeer by big daddy is fantastic. I stopped in sampling new flavors to use in my new veratas and found something great!  Bad news is it's so good im addicted!
If you like rootbeer floats you gotta try this vape. I taste the ice cream and rootbeer equaly  and you feel the carbonation too. Well perhaps thats my imagination but  its really a well done mix. Kudos to their mixologist!
Great Sushi and friendly Chef. Lovely price \/ performance.
Dinner for Two at Made in Mexico....... Saturday night the restaurant was buzzing, would recommend to make reservations ahead.  We arrived on time and were seated right away.  We started off with a Mango Margarita,and a Bulldog. Natchoes were fresh and crispy. Food was delicious, portions were generous, and the price point was affordable.  Great place to go with a group of people.  Very upbeat atmosphere with good music. Parking in the back, Great for families.  I would go back again.
In Stuttgart for a short stint and really wanted some Indian food. This place was recommended and it did not disappoint. Very tasty food, reasonable prices and very friendly staff. Good experience as my first Indian food in Germany.
Urban Outfitters is heaven to teenagers & college kids, & for us adults, it's ok too!

My lovely retro record player came from here, as well as an Al Green record, & my Kermit the Frog posable stuffed animal. 

They have clothing; which I don't much care for, since it's catered more towards younger folks. There are shoes, quirky gifts, books, accessories, vinyl, cameras, rugs, & much more. 

The staff here are primarily teenagers\/college kids\/early 20-somethings, but they've always been helpful, friendly, & efficient. The store is organized very well & employees are seen constantly straightening up.
Went here for the first (and last) time a few weeks ago while visiting Las Vegas. NEVER again.  Only one person working the counter at the noon hour, so very slow service.  Ordered the fish tacos, two for $4.99.  They have very nice pictures in the window and over the counter of good sized tacos filled to the brim.  My tacos were the smallest things you ever saw, about one bite for each taco, and that was mostly shell.  What a ripoff.  Not even that tasty either.  Don't get their food items if you go here.  I also saw them making up smoothies for other customers.  Looked like about 90% ice in each one.  Probably best to avoid them altogether.  And their corporate office isn't any better, as I contacted them and they never responded.
Returned to Al's for the first time in a long time. Now in their new location in the same Magnolia center. Excellent bar atmosphere, great outside seating, great wings as always!, excellent service. We will put this place back on our list of favorite places at the lake.
While waiting for our flight to leave we stopped here to get a bite to eat. Since it was the only place that looked decent. Combo meals are expensive...$12. Staff members are NOT friendly at all. The guy making our food had a piercing on his lip...it was a huge diamond color stone. When I say huge... I mean HUGE. When they handed me my food I said, "thanks!". And got no reply in return. 

Seating area was not large enough. We had to wait around for a seat to clear up. 

Food was okay. Fries were not good. I was looking for some seasoned salt, but they had none. Overall.... I hope to never have a layover in Phoenix again....
Really a step up from other nail salons. New, state of the art chairs, super clean, great ambiance, excellent service and technicians. Top notch.
This is a great taco\/ burrito place. Very clean and friendly. Try all their sauces! They are great ! I have ordered the bowl, taco and burritos. All wonderful. There are coupons in the entertainment book too!
Wonderful place for a slice and a brewski. Management was more than accommodating when there was a slight issue. Def recommend.
Liked it a lot. Had never tried a burger with egg, but this was good. Line was long but moved pretty quickly. Service was a little slow but understandable since it was busy.
Montreal, I missed you.

Walking through the cobblestone streets in Montreal Old Port, you will find Philemon at a huge giant with a roped entry, yet a small unassuming sign.

The doorman was probably one of the nicest I've seen in a LONG time. No power trips, and let us in right away through the tiny door, once again in contrast to the giant entry gate outside.

The place was packed on a Saturday night. The DJ played a mix of well, everything, with some great 90s stuff thrown in. It was WAY too loud to have a conversation, but heck, a great place to get your drink on. The crowd was a good age - late 20s to late 30s, and you could find people in heels and dress shirts, as well as casual groups in jeans and t-shirts just looking for a good time.. and of course the odd few in wife-beaters and fedoras pretending to be a Backstreet Boy. It's all good. 

Service was a tad bit slow, but I get it - the place was packed. Drinks were well priced.

The best part of Philemon was that by the end of the night, people had gotten up on the bar and the speakers to dance on, and seemed to have a blast. We cleared the place out at 3 when the lights came on.  

Definitely a very Montreal vibe. A lot of fun!
DAS Irish Pub in Stuttgart!
Frisch gezapftes Guiness, sogar mit digitaler Temperaturanzeige.
Eigentlich fast immer gut besucht.
Am besten finde ich dienstags den Pokerabend: Kein Buy-In, der Gewinner jedes 10er-Tisches erhält eine Flasche Whisky.
Auch toll: Gary Oake's Karaoke Mittwoch abends.
Sehr gemütlicher Raucherbereich im Aquarium
Awesome and I will always recommend it! When I go home to Arizona Oyo is always the yogurt stop. Plenty of options and a friendly staff always make this place more enjoyable. I highly recommend this great tasting Arizona gem to all my friends and family!!!
O  is the show of shows IMHO.  In my show experiences in Las Vegas, O, sticks out above the rest as the best show I've had the chance to watch.  It has been my favorite show for years now and I recommend it to everyone who hasn't had a chance to watch it.  In my opinion it's worth the extra money to sit closer because the show itself requires a persons full attention.

If you want a for sure quality show, look no further than O.
Just happened to stop in last night and I am SO glad I did. This is such a cute little seafood\/sushi joint. The service was attentive and friendly. The food was absolutely exceptional!!!  And very fair pricing for the size of the portions. Fish-N-Bowl is my new favorite restaurant. I will pass on AYCE sushi from now on and stop in here instead. MUCH higher quality than I've had elsewhere in town. Don't sleep on this hidden little gem in SW.
So first off I love Cosco and this is my most visited location because it's the one closest to my house. Costco is great and I always find great deals especially on clothing and things in the middle like shoes another great household accessories. The groceries here are great and so are the prices but somethings are just a bit too much. Now this location in particular can be a little frustrating because it's smaller than some of the other warehouses and it's always jampacked with people. The parking situation is a mess all on its own and you always have to wait 5 to 10 minutes to find parking which is ridiculous when you are quickly trying to get in and out. The staff is nice but sometimes you get it oddball here and there. They just need to have longer hours at this location so the rush can be a little less.
The service I was provided was nothing like I have ever experienced! Every was so friendly and full of smiles! They offered me water or coffee right from the start! The doctors took the time to explain my treatment and even took pictures to show me! Then the girls up front went over my treatment plan AND included my insurance benefits! I was able to get in right away with no wait! I couldn't have ask for a better experience! I look forward to many more visits with Eastern hills dental!
When it comes to high end resorts there are a few to choose from. You have the Wynn\/ Encore, the Aria, the Cosmo, Mandalay Bay. But for my money the Venetian is the best. I liken it to Disneyland. While other parks have better rides, Disneyland is about the whole experience. Likewise with the Venetian, it is about the whole experience, the atmosphere, the totality of the entire resort, not just individual entities. In Las Vegas there are Better hotels, there are better casinos. However the Venetian takes the best parts from it all and puts it together into a single resort where you can escape, you can get away from the chaos that occurs on Las Vegas Blvd. The hotel is superbly furnished, extremely relating and very quiet. The Casino is exciting, it is not dingy or worn down. There is no choking clouds of smoke everywhere. Then you get to the 2nd floor and are taken to Italy. You can walk "outside" and browse through the Grand Canal shops, Take a Gondola ride and be serenaded as you do. This is my favorite Hotel. Sure it might not have incredible fountains in its front, or doesn't have it's own buffet. But what it does have is the very thing that makes Disneyland so successful. It simply takes you away from life and transports you into a sanctuary where you can take a breath and experience a distant place without the inconvenience of the "real world" where what you imagined it to be, how it should be takes over for how reality really is. And that is why I will be going back.
If you ever get an invite to party here, no matter how blacked out\/intoxicated\/tired you are... DO NOT TURN IT DOWN. After clubbing at Prive all night, we met up with the rest of our girls at the Palms. I remember wandering the casino for about five minutes and then the next thing I remembered was partying in the Hugh Hefner Playboy SKY VILLA!!!! :) Two stories complete with bar, pool, gym, kitchen, and sexy rooms.

It was intenssssssssse... the bartenders served drinks non-stop. All of my girls had a crazy time enjoying the complimentary drinks, taking pictures on the rotating beds, and admiring the hot Playmate-lookin naked girls who floated around in the pool that stretched outside on the large balcony overlooking the entire strip. Truly an unforgettable (sort of haha) experience and hopefully one day we'll be back!!!!!!!!!!!
We stopped here a few times for breakfast while in Vegas.  I've really only ever eaten at Einstein's for lunch (looooove their Veg Out sandwich), and I was pleasantly surprised with their breakfast sandwiches.  The egg and cheese on your choice of bagel was reasonably priced and pretty darn good.  The bagel was fresh, the cheese was real, and I wasn't watching how they made the egg, but that tasted fresh as well.  They didn't even charge me for adding tomato!  The yogurt parfaits were also good and reasonably priced (especially considering we were on our way to Mandalay Bay for business, where they charge $4 for a single banana).  The fact that they had *several* varieties of fresh brewed, unsweetened iced tea at the drink station.....oh, my heart!  How fabulous!  Service was friendly and quick, and getting to\/from and parking were a breeze.

Perfect breakfast in Vegas.  Thanks!
I ordered oven roasted herb chicken. It comes as a half a chicken. Not as big as you'd think, especially for the price. Flavor was overpowered by  pepper and rosemary, the garlic mash had lumps of red potatoes surrounded by way too much sour cream.  The baked beans were more like a thick BBQ sauce that had a few beans in it.
My Husband had the chicken tenders. They were dry and again over powered by the cornflakes they roll them in.  The cole slaw was decent. 
It's very dark, too dark for my taste. They must keep it that way so you can't see the beat up old furniture. 
If your a smoker you might not notice the overly pungent flavors.
Closer to 3.5 Stars.  Drinks are cheap, Bartenders are nice, Crowd was eclectic and entertaining. I came in, grabbed a spot at the bar and immediately heard the people sitting next to me discussing words that rhymed with "orgasm"!  I chimed in with Phantasm and got a good laugh from everybody!

The food was OK.  Typical Bar appetizers and sandwiches.  The best thing we had were the Cajun Fries.  They had a nice heat level, but didn't blow your head off.  They are Wheelchair accessible, but had two problems.  First, There is no signage indicating where the wheelchair access is.  My friend went inside (up some stairs) to find out for me. It is off to the left of the main entrance.  Also, their Men's room is accessible, but the stall door opens in and gets blocked by your wheelchair so anybody who walks by gets a free show! Good thing I am not shy!
About the best airport food I've had.  Staff was excellent, hostess seated us at a great table for 2 right by an outlet when she knew I was about out of juice.  My wife and I had a 2012 Justin red blend after studying the wine list for a long time.  $118 ain't cheap but the wine retails for about $70 so the markup was reasonable and we had the time to sit and drink and enjoy.  The cheese platter was a bargain at $13, not bad cheese plus apricot jam, dried fruits and nuts.  Definately something to share.  We split the garden salad with goat cheese which was very nice.  We also had the hummus (we had a 4 hour layover and a company credit card).  Also about perfect.
The ramen is great. The deep fried Brussel Sprouts are wonderful.
This place would be awesome if it would regulate guest who do not follow rules. At the beginning they give you instructions. Problem is especially for those who abuse the pull to the side passing rule are not removed. This company prosecutes customers who are their to have fun and race hard. They allow those who refuse to abide by the racing rules to continue because they want their money. Find another place to race because if you have any interest in having fun expect the employees to ignore those who refuse to abide by the rules that make this place fun.
Great food, fast and efficient service from their staff.  #Blake was our server that night.
Loved the show. Relatable. There were surprises and women invited on stage at the end to join in a chorus line. Felt the sisterhood!
food is fresh and excellent. good service. would give 5 stars, but its always super busy. but definitely go! foods awesome and worth the wait.
I have nothing but good things to say about Truly Nolen.  
I contacted them for outside pest maintenance. In doing the outside inspection the first time, the technician also found termites.  Inside, he also found lots of damage in a closet that I used for storage and rarely looked into.  Long story short, termite treatment was done. Upon inspection a while later, treatment had to be expanded to another part of the house.  No problems since.  No critters of any kind inside or outside since Truly Nolen has been treating the outside of my home. I always highly recommend the Peoria Truly Nolen service.
After a few months in India, I came back to good ol' Scottsdale to enjoy some western food. Decided to walk into Italian Grotto given the positive reviews.  Huge Mistake!

Someone must be pumping up the stats of this place because my experience was absolutely awful. The owner appeared to be drunk and  harassing other patrons; thankfully not us!  The waitstaff was extremely rude and standoff-ish.  Our server gave us one minute to decide after he gave us the menus and then started being condescending because we were still reading through the choices.  Maybe he had somewhere more important to be? The salads came warm, the pasta came cold, and the water\/napkins were never reloaded. 

There are several good Italian options in Scottsdale and this one's not worth another look. I don't post many reviews, but I would be doing a huge disservice to the Yelp community if I let this experience pass. This place must stay open because of its location because it has nothing else going for it. I wouldn't give this place another hard earned dime!

Pros -- Location
Cons -- Ugh, where do I start? Everything else.
Paper think sushi, why do they think we wouldn't realize this, unreal. Purchased 20 for 40 Groupon,  stay away, not worth it at all
Had my car towed here, Gary fixed the problem and had the car back the next day. I found him honest and able. I will use him for my next mechanical problem.
This is one of the worse places you can stay at while visiting Las Vegas. It is about two miles from old Vegas and the strip so you have to drive or pay for taxi\/bus. The hotel itself is not very nice and they have a lot of hidden fees that raise the price. I paid 150 for one night here and it would have cost me only 170 at treasure island which was in the middle of the strip and within walking distance to everything. When I asked about the hidden fees which were not mentioned on the phone at the time I paid for the room they said they can't do anything about it and if I cancelled I would have to the pay for the first night. In the end the hotel was bad and the customer service was worse. DON'T STAY HERE
While Madison, being a relatively small city, does not have much of a sushi scene, I will say that sushi express is definitely one of the better sushi restaurants on campus. Their food is relatively well priced, the combinations in the sushi recipes are great, and they have good delivery service.  I had an eel sushi roll and a hot girl roll while my friend ordered the eel sushi and out of this world roll.  Both were great, with an adequate amount of fish.  All sushis that we ordered had a good fish to rice ratio that didn't make me feel like I was only eating rice.  Great location too for the campus.
I love this place! Radiates love.
Fantastic vegetarian\/vegan\/gluten free food.
I usually get a reading rainbow!
The sandwiches are HUGE they are usually 2 meals for me so I don't mind paying the price.
Staff is really friendly, helpful and pretty quick.
So nice to have a place that serves vegetrian\/vegan options other than just lettuce and tomatoes (ahem JJ's!)
Amazing! beautiful fun ceremony, the entire process was easy and stress free. exactly what we were looking for, couldn't recommend them enough. If your looking for a fun carefree wedding or vow renewal this is who you need to call.
Been waiting 45 minutes for a scheduled pickup. No car in sight 3 phone calls to the office assuring us the driver is in the airport. Next time Uber!!!
I just don't get the mediocre reviews of this place.  Yes, it's a chain, but it's a unique one at that.  I've never had a bad meal here.  I generally stick with the asian entrees and have never been disappointed.  This lunch was especially good and the service was excellent.  We ordered:

- Thai-High Sweet & Zesty Chicken Salad - delicious
- Wok Fired Sesame Ginger Chicken (noodles) - fabulous & a large portion
- Side order of fries - seriously some of the best I had w\/ both sea salt and pepper and perfectly fried

Overall, a great lunch....I'll be back for sure.
So I've had mellow mushroom before and it was pretty good but...tonight was ridiculous! We sat at the bar where it took forever to be served and after being served we asked for forks and the server gave us a nasty look like how dare we ask for forks...they barely followed up with us to get us another beer...then our wings came and they were not good and so we o dered pizza in hopes it would be better than the wings and it came out half cooked! Overall never going to mellow mushroom again
Wow. Amazing! the bf took me here by surprise after he remembered me being pouty over the fact that he got to eat the australian wagyu here without me.
Made reservations and got seated immediately. 
Started off with some of their homemade bread. My bf was raving to me about their bread here. I tried to resist the bread since I didn't want to fill my stomach all awhile he was eating 3 already, not to mention we ordered extra bread to-go!! Haha!
Next up were oysters that were SO FRESH me and my bf's eyes both lit up both thinking and saying "this is the best oyster i've ever eaten in my life!!!" the sauces-horseradish, cocktail sauce, and some red vinegar onion which i think was the best compliment to the oysters were so so amazing!!!!
Ordered the Australian Wagyu steak and the Lobster as well as the pureed potatoes and maui onions to compliment our dish.
Steak was the best steak i had in my life thus far.It better be if its $300!  Although quite small in size compare to bigger steaks on the menu, it was perfect for us to share along with the lobster. The lobster came in a mini copper pot in which i believe there were 2 lobsters cut into easy to eat chunks soaking in a buttery sauce. 

The pureed potatoes were so creamy and delicate tasting. Usually if you were to mash or puree the potatoes too much it will become pasty and gummy but they got the science right on making the perfect "pureed" potatoes! I would love to eat this if i got my wisdom tooth out was the first thought in my head. LOL The grilled maui onions were perfect compliment to the meal. Maui onions are sweet. They were cut in thick slices, grilled with a sprig of rosemary on top. The rosmeary complimented the onions so well, I will also start doing that in my home cooking. 

Overall it was a delicious dining experience. I'd like to try Nobhill Tavern next as my bf's sister thinks their steaks are better! ? 

I found it funny-maybe it is normal for a fancy restaurant? but when my bf went to use the restroom, he left his napkin crumbled on the table. A waiter came by out of nowhere and folded his napkin neatly not paying attention as if i was there or not and went on his way. I was sitting there by myself giggling for some reason...
I have to give them credit....over the past months there has been a noticeable improvement of many of the issues in my prior reviews:

- Ellipticals received a lot of attention and maintenance.....they're in great shape now.

- The gym is getting cleaner.  They've made a good attempt to clean it up.  Although, the members here are still pigs....at least the men's locker room is always a mess, but at least the gym is getting it clean, it's the members who trash it.  I can't believe how inconsiderate some people are!

- The employees at the front desk are very friendly.

- Most of the personal trainers have improved their etiquette and don't get in the way.....however, there are 2 that always tie up several pieces of equipment and have their clients workout on the floor next to the free weight benches and effectively prevent people from using that equipment.....why don't they use the private personal trainer room that's always empty?!

- The water fountain in the weight room was repaired....finally.

I hope they keep up the improvement and good work.

Return Factor - 100%.....I'm there 5-6 days a week and I can't break my habit of going to this one.
Diversified Roofing may install roofs but beware at what they say and provide information about your roofing job or repairs for a poorly done past installation. I received a call from a court appointed agent from a class action suit on energy panels that were installed in 2008. The surrounding tiles begin to slip and slide down the roof on 2012. When I called the subcontractor (Diversified Roofing) about the issue, they denied at the time they ever performed the job and had NO RECORD of it. Fortunately, I had all of the documents and they then acknowledged that the work was performed by them. They came over and also acknowledge at the time that sub-standard material were used as lining and they did replace some of it with current standard material. They NEVER touched the solar tiles. Now, some of the same so called "repaired tiles" are slipping and sliding and when the court appointed agent called them for information, the claim to have done the repair job "recently" and allegedly are seeking compensation. They may install roofs but how ethical are they? BEWARE! Some jobs they do may be standard but the one they did many years ago, not recently...was poor.
My husband took me here for my bday this past w\/e. We went with a few other people and had a great time...minus the drink crashing to the dance floor the drunk cousin-in-law let slip! Dancing, huge variety of people, everyone laidback. I would say definitely a couple place or just a place to kick it with your friends, not to pick up ladies\/gents.  I would have liked to stay here longer but we didn't :( 

It was great seeing the couples that knew how to dance! I will definitely be going back.
I've heard of them but never really been inside. For most places if I walked inside and get no hello or assistance for a few mins and I'm the only customers I'd write the business off and give them a bad review. I guess I really was curious in what they had to offer because I stayed long  and got good service after.  they actually have better good deals on fans. Buy 1 get 1 free on fans or installation. installation cost in the $70's so for about $35-40 each is pretty cheap compared to lowest with told me $90's each.  I probably will install them myself. they have a big selection of fans and lighting displayed. one thing to note when entering and walking around watch out. almost got knocked on my head a few times and I'm only about 5'7 or 8. and don't get memorized by the spinning fans and bright lights ran into some floor displays.
I truly am not trying to be mean but this waitress is bad for business at least by my standards. She is older with an unkept appearance and somewhat spits out everything she says. She may be efficient but Her unkempt appearance made it difficult for us to enjoy our meal. If a waitress does not appear clean, hair combed back neatly, it is not easy to enjoy your meal.
The other review is nonsense. The ambiance is a big empty room with stone floors. There is no decor at all. Nithing on the walls, no signs, no menus even. I went twice and both times did not get any food. 

Today, I tried again and watched them serve people who arrived after me and ordered after me by a good 5 minutes. I can be patient and know that good food takes time, but no customers are more important than others. 

Bad service.
Got my eyebrow waxed here. As I walked in the lady at the front desk greeted me and also did my eyebrows right away. Total took less than 10 minutes and she did s pretty good job. The total came to $11.30 including tax. I tipped her $1 for being so fast.
Good deal when they have the coupon for spend $25 get $5 off. They have so many stickers for scrapbooking, also a wide selection of scrapbooks.
Walked in on a Monday night without reservations. We were seated immediately at our table. Here are some little details I especially enjoyed: 
* tables were spaced out so we were not on top of other patrons
* waiter was completely fine when we just ordered water, no wine 
* waiter made a good recommendation on dessert (malassadas)
* service was quick, friendly, and professional. They even went over all the nuances of the menu with us. 

We had the: 
* truffle mac and cheese (very truffly!) 
* salad with pine nuts, shaved parmesan, and blackberries (that evening's special) 
* Grilled and Seared Mahi Mahi
* Blue Crab Cake (very crabby! no filler) 

All the food was, as expected, delicious. 

The only small downside is that the view from the restaurant is hideous, you are basically looking into the shopping mall. Perhaps good if you like people watching though.
Even though I was not in the market for a high end watch I was treated like I was by all of the employees.  I came to Tourneau to but a Citizen aviation watch.  When I got to the Citizen watch counter I was greeted by Yuki who was very knowledgeable about the Citizen brand.  He showed me the watch I wanted, showed me how to work it and gave me a good price on it.  I told him I wanted to think about it and he gave me his business card.

Three hours later I came back and he fixed me up with my new watch.  I had a older Citizen aviation watch I wanted to give to my father.  At NO charge Yuki had the watch repair department take links out for my dad and fitted us both with my new watch for me and my older watch for my dad.  While we waited Yuki gave us water and made sure we were comfy in the store.  I had a great experience here and will be coming back to buy future watches.  If you are in Vegas and at this store ask for Yuki for the 5 star treatment.
3.5

went a few weeks ago for dinner. it was super quiet when we first arrived and you know how empty restaurants can be a sign of a sub-par joint. but within 15 minutes, people arrived. my friend had this huge platter of vietnamese sausage thing. a banh? i had pho. it was not bad. a bit on the salty side and left me thirsty, something i don't usually experience at xe lua. service is alright, like all asian restaurants but i wasn't expecting any more or less.
I could not be more pleased with the service and my results from Sidney at Envy Microblading.  I have been toying with the idea to have my eyebrows done for about a year. When I saw the reviews for Sidney at Envy I called right away and booked my appointment. She is wonderful! From the moment you get there she is professional and friendly. She goes through everything so you are very comfortable with the procedure. She is very detail oriented and the result is perfect brows. I am petite and have small features and she created a perfect natural set of brows for me and I love them. If you are hesitating - don't! You will be happy with the results.
Probably the best place to go after a fail club attempt. The djs are always playing music that vibes with the audience. It's always so upbeat and fun. The bartenders know exactly what they are doing. They give the customers a show with their drink order.  Can never go wrong with the carnival court!
Tried yogurtys a couple times now as I live around the corner. Really liked the new ginger lemon flavour but why do they advertise it with kiwis and mangos when the only fruit they had were strawberries? Kind of disappointing.
I've been to the Grotto a few times since they have good bands and a couple of them are friends of mine. But last was strange. The band was great (I'm probably biased on that since the singer is a friend of mine) but what was the deal with the $4 dollar bottles and drafts? Also, the bartenders working last night kinda sucked - not friendly at all and slow with the service. I'll be back again for more music but if I have the same experience with getting drinks, I'm done.
Good place to stay and not so expensive, loved the night with my Man here. Just the two of us-we had much fun, but over spent soo much money on playing them damn machines. Ughh , we should of gotten a foot rub instead....
Was driving by and decided to stop in. Good variety of cookies and crackers. Some of the items in boxes don't have a big difference in price with the grocery store ( especially if they are on sale at the grocery store) but the real deals are the bags. Great place to get snacks for school.
Such a great show, got the groupon deal which is two tickets for 70 plus dollars when one ticket at the show or online is 80... Great deal
I'd give this one star for Store Manager Andrew who is rude and even treats his employees with disrespect. Sweet cashier Kathy is the only reason I went for two...oh and the helpful girl on the phone when I called to see if they had my item in stock. Andrew is lucky for these ladies because he by myself, turns customers away.
Anytime I call they are always very helpful and answer all my questions. Love the team that works with there, they are all awesome.
The service was very pleasant and the food was fresh and delicious!
Not a fan. The service when we went was passable, but only from the waitress. The kitchen delayed all our food because they messed up a steak (seriously, how do you mess up a steak?) which meant that everything we ate was cold. From what I can tell it wouldn't be bad warm- I had the stromboli, which was passable as is- but when you mess up that badly, it's hard to make fans.

Also, unrelated, the wine seemed rather expensive. Maybe that's just me, though.
Jesse the server is the best server Cracker Barrel has ever employeed! Jesse goes way above and beyond for his clients. Very professional and greatly personable!! Way to go Jesse!!
We go to Greek pita weekly. We drive across town for the best counter service greek we can find. This place is always fast and friendly.
Eclectic and wonderfully curated collection of books, records, magazines, anthologies, post cards, etc. that doesn't seem as curated as it is and always smells like the best of old books. Everyone that works there is super friendly and I always leave with a good recommendation. They also buy good books, rare books, old books.

Stop in for an old map of your neighborhood, or a classic collection from an author you love, or a weirdo magazine or anthology, or some philosophy, or books in other languages, or locally printed poetry and fiction, or records, or more records, or go downstairs for some sweet science fiction, or go back upstairs for more records.

I love this book shop.
Favorite Seafood place in Cleveland and a must try is the blue point heaven dish.. Also great happy hour and GREAT service.
Woohoo! I've found my new favorite bakery in Mile End! The Quebecois pastry chef and owner of this tiny establishment is quietly, discreetly, baking the best cupcakes in town (using organic ingredients, including ones grown in his own garden), and even has delectable offerings for gluten free and vegan diets.

Cerise is easy to bypass because of its boring sign. I only happened upon it because I am genetically predisposed to finding pastry shops. And everything I have tried there has been moaning-phenomenal. Their basic, simple and fresh pumpkin pie is the metal of all desserts. I ate half of one in a single setting, and yes, I do recommend trying this at home. They bake seasonally, and in the colder months, will offer basil and fig tarts and pear pies. In the meantime, enjoy a coconut croissant aux amandes, choco-banana croissant, raspberry mousse verveine, or a killer lactose-free creme brulé. 

NB: This review should mean a lot coming from a gal who eats pastries every single day (seriously), and bakes at least twice a week.
Love this place. I am a new customer (going the last few months), as I have read some of the other reviews they may have been having some issues with quality or their cook a year or so ago, but whatever they are doing now keeps me coming back. 

I love the decor, and staff are always attentive and respectful, and the place is always busy (good sign). Drinks are always refilled in a timely manner, the margaritas are always cold and delicious. 

The Jalapeno bean dip and the enchilada style chicken burrito will always have a special place in my stomach from this place. I must reiterate, the chicken here is AMAZING, any dish you get with chicken on it you will love, whatever they are doing, just keep doing it and I'll keep coming back.
Visited this place over the weekend. Good service, good food. Kind of pricey. Had a decent selection of vegetarian options. Would recommend!

It gets very busy though so if you're going on the weekend, make sure to make a reservation!
I love, love, love PF Changs!  Been going there for years.  We usually sit at the bar and the bartenders are friendly and efficient.  Phil, Brandon, Ryan, Brian, Atasia, Jonathan - all fantastic!!  But Andrew?  Stuck up little piece of fabric softener who ignores you unless you actually call his name.  You have to tell him what you want a minimum of 3 times before he actually gets it.  Pretty inefficient and just struts around trying to figure out what he needs to do.  I've never seen him do any prep work like the others and there is no interaction with the customers.  I'm sorry, Changs, this ones a miss.
Jake! Jake! Jake! Best server! Of course familiar with the menu, have great suggestions and the food was Delish! Cool atmosphere, great music! We'll definitely go back
BEWARE, BEWARE, BEWARE  BANNER BOSWELL E.R.
Last Sunday I visited my mother and found her to be very lethargic, not alert, and generally out of it.  Her caretaker said that her feet had become very swollen, and they had not been when I saw her two weeks before.  The caretaker also said she is barely eating, and is stopped walking from her chair to the bathroom and release herself in protective panties.  She only walks in the morning from her bed in the bedroom, to chair the front room, and back again at night.

This is absolutely abnormal for my mother who usually can walk fairly rapidly throughout the house.  That she was not eating, not reading the newspaper or doing crossword puzzles which she always did.  I was very concerned and called her doctor, who responded to my call the next day, and came out to see my mother on Tuesday, performed an evaluation, and drew many vials of blood for testing.  Results came back on Friday.  The doctor, Susan Ward, called me, saying she was quite concerned because two of the blood tests came back with highly abnormal readings.  This coupled with her behavioral change and lack of eating, indicated to her, and urgent need to go to an emergency room.

Paramedics took my mom to the Banner Boswell ER on Thunderbird in Sun City.  Before any tests were taken, the doctor walked in the room after my mother had her vitals taken by a nurse, very chipper and happy with a loud voice saying you look fine.  I explained the situation and her behaviors, and he asked if she was back to normal now?  I said no, my mother did not even understand that she was in the hospital, which is totally abnormal for her.  The doctor appeared very unconcerned and says well will find out what is wrong and get her back to normal in no time.

After several vials of blood were taken and 500 mL of fluids are given, and urine obtain from a bedpan, we waited.

Now my mother has atrial fibrillation, but refuses to see a cardiologist, she has stage III chronic kidney disease, which is normal for someone 99 years old, and she did make plans to see a nephrologist.  Her heart is weak because she so inactive, due to the pain in her legs which was recently compounded by the urinary infection which was causing aches and pains and lethargy, as well as her sleepiness.

The ER doctor (Jones) came in, and said she appears to be fine, and that they were going to release her.  I strongly objected, stating my mother is not normal.  She was confused as to where she was.  She did not know what time it was.  She kept sleeping the entire time she was in the bed except when attended to by a nurse or a doctor, which is highly abnormal for her, as usually she is quite alert and talkative.

A bit thereafter a nurse came in with orders to see if my mother was mobile enough to go home, as the doctor stated that in her condition would probably be dangerous for her to go home with only a caretaker for eight hours.

Well, the mobility test consists of walking from her ER bed to the ER but room entrance which was about 7 feet, and then walking back again.  It took my mother all of four to five minutes to walk 14 feet and yet they wanted to release her.

I told the nurse how can they possibly release my mother in her condition, she is not normal.  She is confused, she cannot walk more than 14 feet with somebody helping her and with a walker, she could never make it to 50 feet to bed from her living room chair where she spends most of the day.  I emphasize that this was an entirely new condition, that until a week ago she had not had that much of a problem ambulating, eating, concentrating, reading and doing crossword puzzles.

The nurse said he would convey this information to the doctor.  The doctor never came in, instead a social worker came in, and was quite rude.

Basically she said, your mother should never have been brought to this emergency room.  There is nothing acutely wrong with her that can be treated.  She went on to say, what you should do is either putter on full hospice care, or get her the medical care she requires.

Get this, her regular doctor, Susan Ward, is the one that stated that she should be taken to the emergency room.  It was not a decision my mother made, nor that I made.  That social worker stated the options were to make her comfortable until she died, or give her the care she needs, but she cannot have both.  And she is being discharged now.  She asked whether I could stay with my mom, to which I responded that I was having hip replacement surgery in three days.  She responded "well, the doctor said she is going to be discharged even if it is only to her home with a caretaker there eight hours a day.

They absolutely refused to admit my mother and treat her for any of the conditions that she was suffering from.  My mother has a doctor that takes care of her at home, that comes to her home every three months and more often if needed, such as when she came out to draw my mother's blood and ascertained that my mo
Having now seen three Cirque shows, it's easy to see why Mystere is so highly rated, it's fantastic.

From the hilarious antics of "Albert Einstein" in the 15 minutes before the show started to the grand finale, it was a spectacular experience. There were several times where I wasn't even sure where to focus my attention, there were so many amazing things going on. Humor, intrigue, and a touch of sensuality combined to make this a phenomenal show. If you can see just one Cirque show, see this one--ticket prices are cheaper than "O" and it's a more intimate theater.

My only issue is that the narrative could be stronger as it's not easy to discern what the show is really about--yet that didn't detract from the experience at all!
Wonderful at first..... But not so much anymore. Best coffee though! We had a lovely waitress, however I'm not sure when things got sort of bad, but disappointed the last couple times. We took my in laws into visit and I think there is much to be improved. 

 Please cut your croissants in half and toast instead of microwaving it to warm it up and the French soup was very disappointing. 

 1130am would make more sense for changing breakfast to lunch too....super bummed because I think breakfast is much better.
I have been going to this bank to cash checks and do other exciting unemployed things for a few months now. The staff is always always courteous and cool. During a conversation about my job search, one of the super sweet tellers gave me info about a place her friend manages that was hiring. 

On a normal weekly grab money from the state of Nevada run, a teller mentioned that she saw me there a lot and why don't I just open an account with wells? I had just had a nasty interaction with my current bank Chase, so I considered. Arlene set me up with an appointment to open up a new account the next day.

I ended up waking up with an awful sinus infection so I missed my appointment. I felt so bad. I walked in hours after the scheduled time and the staff was still happy to see me and willing to help. Angelique, my personal banker who set up my new account, was amazing. It seemed fluid and effortless and best of all pain free for me. As we did the business side of stuff we chatted about how we had both lived in NYC, our mutual love of baseball, and even what we were currently watching on Netflix. I felt like I was talking to a cool aunt or sister. 

This is the first bank I've walked into during my 30 years on this planet where I felt at home. Everyone is helpful, sympathetic, and warm. I definitely made the right decision switching from chase to wells. And I hope Angelique enjoys the Netflix original series Grace and Frankie just as much as I do. :)
We just use Just In Time Moving for the second time. They moved us 5 years ago
and we were so impressed with Bobby and Kevin that when we needed to move
again we know who to call. Once again that arrived on time, move fast, and were
very careful with our belongings. My husband even let them move his big screen
TV.  I have recommended them several times  to friends and they always call and thank me. If you need a honest moving company call Just in Time.
This is a ONE AND DONE

The burgers weren't cooked correctly, the waitress went to socialize with the guys at the bar and forgot one of meals - we had to ask her for it. My chicken was cold and basically she said "oh well". 

I can't believe they are in business still. We should have known since there were zero cars there not to go in

Ugh
I realize that a review for a church seems to be a little sacrilegious. However what I'm reviewing is not the church itself but the fact it can be used as a venue space for live performances. 

I recently visited not for mass but for the opening night of the inaugural production of the Port Credit comedy festival on Thursday evening. 

The church provides great acoustics and plenty of seating complete with a balcony area for additional seating. 

My complaints were the bathrooms were down in the basement (3 flights of stairs down) hardly accessible and the temperature rose to sweltering levels and made me über drowsy. 

I'd love to see what other events we could host here. Yelp parties? Elite events? 

Never thought is have that much fun in church!
BEER is great here. Tons of selection so you never get bored. The service is great on some nights but on some nights it sucks. Unless you sit at the bar. Food is actually pretty good for being a bar. Also, Alicia worst server NA.
Was on a road trip with the hubby so stopped through here to grab a quick Egg White Delight McMuffin.   Hubby ordered the same thing but on the McGriddle bun - interesting, I know.  

The order taker was really bubbly, especially for the wee hours of the morning - I can appreciate that!   Everything came out as we expected.  There were no issues with the order and napkins and all requested condiments were in the bag.  I consider this a major accomplishment as most times, the folks in the drive-thru always leave something out...be it napkins, a straw, whatever!  

4 stars for great customer service and order accuracy on the FIRST try - even with my husband's "special" order :-)
We decided to give the Grotto a try before a play in the Arts District.  As Dana said in his review, this is pretty standard fare in an over-priced casino restaurant.

First our iced tea orders were taken and we were brought some slices of standard Italian bread with a container of olive oil for dipping. 

I ordered the special of the day, a risotto with lump crab.  My wife ordered the Pollo Romano, a chicken breast--"Romano crusted chicken scaloppine" and served with penne in a sugo rosa.  My wife's chicken was very good but there was more of a breading taste than romano to the chicken.  The penne was very bland.  A little salt helped that along.  My risotto was good and there was a fair amount of crab meat.

We shared a slice of mezza notte chocolate cake.  It's very rich and very good.  Lots of chocolate drizzled with chocolate.

Service was good.  Iced tea was refilled and the server took my Landry's card early and linked it to our order.  

While you can sit along the windows by the pool, I didn't push for that.  The one table remaining along the window had a large man with a tattooed back almost pressed against the window.  Needless to say, that wasn't a view of the pool I wanted to have.

The place is quite noisy from both music, table talk, and people walking through this way to go to the Rush Tower or back the other way.  It wasn't a detriment to the dinner--just an observation.
I was in the neighborhood and decided to give it a try. I ordered a bunch of stuff to get a feel for it and see what the family thought. 

The garlic knots were good, but you really can't screw those up. 

We had a meatball pizza. It was ok at best, way overpriced- sauce tastes like jar sauce. 

The meatball Sandwich was ok, fries we're good. Too many herbs in the sauce. I think they're the precooked ones from costco. They tasted better on the pizza.

The chicken parmigiana was horrible. It wasn't breaded and all I could taste was herbs. I actually spit it out, kids did the same. 

Lastly, we had a cheese calzone. It seriously looked fantastic until we cut it open. It was a slab of melted cheese.  It was tasty, but so odd.

I grew up in NY and am very spoiled by great pizza. I'm picky, but my kids like any pizza place & asked that we not go back there Ever again.  

Worst $45 ever spent. Such a shame.
I am sooo satisfied & blessed when I called this company!! He arrive on time! Was very professional &  had a great sense of humor !! In no time was able to get my door unlocked! his prices are remarkable!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM!! THANK GOD. I FOUND YOU CHAZZ!! Really came to my rescue!! You won't go wrong here that's for sure!!!
I have never had a bad experience at this location. Most recently, Melissa took my appointment for a full acrylic set and gel color. I initially had to wait an hour due to another client already being there, but I didn't mind the wait whatsoever. I didn't even realize that at coming in at 6pm, they closed at 7pm, and Melissa still graciously took my walk in appointment. When it was my then, Melissa was wonderful to sit and talk with, and my nails came out beautifully. It takes a lot for me to come back and make an appointment, let  alone keep said appointment. My nails endured two weeks of heavy typing and cooking that no other full set has ever been able to stand up against. Polished3 and Melissa have my business from here on out.
Wow.. human feces on the wall and floor! I am utterly shocked by their bathroom.  The entire womens bathroom is disgusting. It is obviously a long time build up of grime and, dirt and feces. I love Michaels but will not ever come to this one in fear of possibly having to use the restroom.  Truck stop bathrooms are cleaner.
I tend to avoid the big flashy restaurants... especially in the ones in the downtown core. Part of me is always leery. When your main clientele is tourists and the business crowd - simply by location alone - there is a good chance that the food is not necessarily up to par with the cost associated to the meal. Now, I am always willing to be proven wrong so when I had a chance to try Bier Markt for the first time recently, I went in with an open mind.

For the uninformed, Bier Markt is a Toronto chain of restaurants that came to Montreal and took over the old Queue de Cheval location in front of the Bell Centre. Bier Markt's claim to fame is the ridiculous amount of beers they have available - over 150 beers from 30 different countries. The selection is extremely varied and quite good. The beer menu is nicely elaborate. It does a great job of categorizing and describing each beer to help with selection. The prices vary widely though which is a bit strange. I also appreciated that the food menu provides recommendations with pairing for each dish. For a restaurant like this, that detail is essential and provides a nice way to try new beers.

Foodwise, the menu is a mixture of beer garden and classic bar\/pub fare. My friends and I went for three starters initially. First up was the French onion soup au gratin with caramelized onions, house veal stock, toasted bread and Gruyère cheese. Personally I did not try it but the response from my friends was good - not great.

Next was the baked Brie with Granny Smith apples, lingonberry jam, roasted pecans, pickles and baguette crisps. The jam was nice but once again, overall the dish was good, not great. The portion size was only not that great considering its cost either.

The final entree was the baked crab dip - wild Canadian rock crab, white cheddar, cream cheese, Old Bay spices and toasted house flatbread. This was a more interesting and well done dish. Very creamy with nice pieces of meaty crab within. Main issue once again though was the size relative to the price. Very limited amount of flatbread and frankly, this appetizer was barely sufficient for me much less as a dish to share - which at its price point, it needs to be.

Prior to the description of the mains, I will just take a moment to discuss the service. Now, for the most part, I am pretty relaxed about service in general - I simply want timely, friendly with a good handle of the menu. However, there are a few things that are BIG no-nos for me. One of them is very simple - you should never serve the next course without clearing the table first. During our meal, not only was that done but that was after all the empty dishes were left in front of us for about 20 minutes before serving. On top of that, the waitresses serving our table had no clue who had which main so the second course became a awkward and complicated dance of simultaneously removing, moving temporary around and serving dishes. And then, the same thing was repeated at dessert time later on! With the number of waitresses working around us, these were big red flags about the quality of service.

Back to the food now. The first main was the Merchant burger - 10 oz. Wagyu beef burger, smoked bacon, charred red onion, vine-ripe tomato, iceberg lettuce, "Bier 58" sauce, toasted bun with house frites. A good sized burger - a little overcooked for my liking but still flavourful. A solid burger but again for its price, more was hoped for.

I personally went with the Chicken ABT - fresh chargrilled chicken breast, avocado, crisp smoked bacon, vine-ripe tomato, shaved iceberg lettuce and honey Dijon aioli in a Portuguese roll served with fries. The sandwich was good but somehow left me underwhelmed and wishing I had ordering something else. Some extra aioli and avocado may have helped to provide more kick but otherwise I felt the sandwich lacked pop. The fries were nice and crisp at least - very classic bistro style.

The final main was the smoked pork back ribs which are spice-rubbed and smoked for 6 hours, served with a golden BBQ sauce, fries and a red cabbage & caraway slaw. The ribs were nice and tender but because the sauce needed to be added by the client, they were a little dry. The BBQ sauce was a necessity to add, not a choice.

The final dish we ordered was the waffle ice cream sandwich - house-baked chocolate waffles served warm with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce. Best thing we had all night - creative, chocolatey and rich. Always nice to end a meal on a positive.

In the end, Bier Markt left me cold. The beer selection was nice and varied - definitely the draw to coming back. However, the food was uninspiring and simply okay. The service was poor. Okay food can be acceptable at certain times but not when my personal bill was 80$ without tip. At that price, there are a heck of a lot better options I can enjoy. Bier Markt is a great happy hour spot for excellent beer but not a worthwhile dining option.

Cheers!
Came here with fam to meet my aunt's friend. I ordered the Reuben sandwich just 'cause I wanted to try something new. Minus the hair that I found in it... it was still pretty good (yes, I took out the hair and the part of the sandwich that it came from... plus I was starving lol)! I love sauerkraut!

Service was pretty slow... but at least they were friendly. The restaurant's decor was really nice... very cafe-ish. Apparently this place a 24-hour cafe. So yeah, pretty good food... pretty big portions for some of the dishes.
Amazing food, horrible service. This place has been my favorite Mexican FOOD for about 10 years, but the SERVICE leaves much to be desired.
I've been going to Hammam for years for one thing and one thing only:  facials ($130 plus tip) from Ashley.  I've been to a lot of spas, and she is as skilled as they come.  I love the steam room when it's not full of chatty bitches and gross men sighing and groaning like they're at the Oakwood men's only Steam Bath, if you catch my drift.  And the towels have shrunk over the years, which makes things a little more exciting than they need to be.

The spa itself is gorgeous and smells like eucalyptus and freshly bathed babies, although the change room floors are sometimes a little dirty\/hairy which freaks me out, and is really kind of unacceptable at these prices.
I've been coming here for a long time now, and it's always a good experience. Everyone is super helpful, and today, even when it was super busy as well as understaffed, Stephanie made it painless. Once we got to the back we were done in no time! Thanks for a great experience Stephanie!
I just had the potato & cheese flautas. They're so satisfying. And the salsa roja & guacamole add great flavor. This little corner of Container Park es muy bien!
Why did it take so long for me to come to this place? I love it, delicious food! I recommend the French Toast! 
......now I'm trying to make this review long enough for them to post it... Kneaders is awesome! My wife loves the decor.
Went here for lunch with my husband and was nice being able to pick any seat in the restaurant since it wasn't so packed. We sat by the window and enjoyed a view of the strip... I can only imagine how pretty it is at night with everything lit up. The service was good and the food was delicious. We're planning on going back here sometimes to enjoy a dinner with a view, so i'll update my review once that happens but for now, i'll say that its a great place for a date! :)
Been wanting to see if going to a chiropractor might help with some of back, shoulder, n  neck aches I've been having lately... but after watching some YouTube videos and hearing the loud snap crackle n pops... I was kind of hesitant. Filled out the forms, got called back and she talked me through what she was going to do, explained what the popping and cracking sounds were and it made sense (slightly comforted). Nonetheless, she prepped my neck first and I couldn't help but think "this is it, this is how I die"... in one swift controlled twist\/bend...I heard 500 pops\/cracks!! She moved on to my shoulders, mid back, lower back!! Felt good and did feel a difference in my shoulder blades and neck... will be going back again.
If I could, I'd give this franchise a ZERO. 
If you have acute or severe pain, don't go here.  The only thing they did right and with any consistency, was collect my copay.
 
Specifically, I requested a consultation for injection therapy - anything!!  Like Tordol injection (a very painful but extremely effective injection - not a narcotic)  - (I had pills so "Shelly B" is wrong that if you have a problem with these people it's because you want drugs)- I figured the first appointment would be to discuss my options and order an MRI - nothing- they called in an RX of Cymbalta (not FDA approved for pain and more side effects than ANY narcotic). TIt worked for three days then nothing but grief after that) I left with no RX- (the Dr gave me 10 pills but the person responsible for giving that to me was out to lunch- I waited 30 minutes and left. Twenty minutes after I left I got a call saying that they were sorry that they had been out to lunch and that it'll be here waiting for me to pick it up- if you've ever had a pinched nerve you know that getting around is excruciating and to make a person come back for pain meds is just wrong and unprofessional. 

But that's not all- I get my ten pills - I have another appointment (three weeks later) and (even though I wrote I was there for INJECTION THERAPY on my initial paperwork- they waited three weeks to offer me a nerve block (that isn't guaranteed to work).  Then I'm given another RX of pain meds (the same ones). The night of that appointment I started  having severe acid reflux because the 10 pills they gave me from three weeks ago- (I'm sensitive to Tylenol which I forget that Drs prescribe with everything) - so I called the office to see if I need another appointment to adjust my medication (remove the Tylenol or call me in something else)- No one called me back-Waited seven days -These people are not concerned about your pain or making you better and there's a definite resistance to honoring your requests (like ... "Can I have my nerve block sooner than two weeks?" ) And even before they check the schedule they tell you No- This is a definite strategy;  forcing people to develop their own coping mechanism - a policy that deliberately invalidates your suffering is dangerous and it's not fair when you have acute\/severe pain - this Dr should have told me that they weren't qualified to deal with acute or severe pain- They will not give Tordol because it really works without narcotics and that would mean fewer visits to their office which means less money for them( Tordol by-the-way, is very commonly used for acute and severe pain.

Good luck to anyone who is considering using Vally Pain Consultants
Do not use this company for anything. They are completely unresponsive and when there is a problem with your home, they simply blame you. Immediately upon moving in to our home, several problems came up. The dishwasher did not work. This took them three entire months to fix. The AC Unit went out, thankfully before summer. This took her them months to fix. Our microwave was broken. It took over two months and four visits to get fixed. In addition, we both sinks were leaking (one still has not been fixed), the back yard was not sodded correctly, half of the light bulbs went out in the first month, and they made us replace the air filters in the home, which were filthy. 

All the while, the company would not help, instead referring us to a third party warranty they purchased for the home. The same warranty company cancelled scheduled appointments on us no less than three times. We even had the builder come out to the home and inspect it. Upon their arrival, they told my wife and I that the house was three years older than we were told, that it was a model home, not a new home, and that the landlord NEVER did an actual home inspection when the bought it or prior to renting it to us. Despite this, they continued to blame us for the problems with the home. We still have multiple issues in the home and the company has not responded to our requests for repair in over a week. 

Whatever you do, do not rent or buy from this company. You will instantly regret it I promise.
My friends and I got the all day buffet pass and decided to come here for dinner since we figured Caesars Palace would deliver on a meal with lots of grandeur.  

Well, let me say...we were SHOCKED to see the small selection. The stuff I tried was OK, not great.
tri tip - pretty flavorful and they offered different temps of meat
salads - served in individual glass cups..kinda cool I guess
dumplings - your usual potstickers
pasta with tomato sauce - pasta a little too soft for my taste

Honestly, I expected more. My friends were sooooo disappointed we wasted part of our meal here, we decided to bounce and head on over to the buffet at Planet Hollywood. Good thing we got the pass because I would've been extremely unhappy paying full price for this buffet alone. 

Service was friendly though so I give them that! There was very little grandness to it all overall. Surprising because as we looked out the window to the pool, we saw a HUUUGE pool area and amazing fountains. The buffet itself was very plain and casual. What a weird contrast.
A perfect night.

I had a very large party to celebrate my birthday, and even though our reservations were last minute on a Saturday night of a three day weekend, they gave us the best table in the place.  Prime view of the Fremont Street experience.

They also did not insist on our entire party being present before seating us, which is super cool.  

The food was AMAZING, the service was efficient and best of all, they put up with me and all of my drunk ass friend attempting to reenact Caligula's Greatest Hits.

so yeah, don't ask me what we ordered, because I really can't recall anything except the Mojitos  (which were pretty great.).  But hey, it's tapas so I'm pretty sure there were fried potatoes, mussels, olives and manchengo cheese, shrimp ceviche, and empanadas.  And given the fact that I'm a pretty finicky bitch, the fact that I don't recollect complaining about anything bodes well for the food quality. 

I didn't see the bill, but judging from the prices on the menu it was REALLY inexpensive for what you get.  Definitely the best bang for my buck in Vegas, and I've had a lot of bangs.
Food was good, but nothing spectacular.  Service was good and fast so no complaints there.  Hope this location makes it unlike the other restaurants there.  It's really a nice neighborhood.
Holy cow! Hot donuts are where it's at!! Wow, so glad I spotted it on our way to grab bagels. Me and my husband and 5 kids were all in agreement that this is our new favorite donut shop. Really run over and load up the calories cause they're worth it.
Best carwash place in Vegas. Spent 1 hour perfecting my car for only $27... So I tipped em $10 :-))
Jewel is the new club at Aria that's about 3 weeks old. Going in I thought that it was going to be another Vegas club full of pushy promoters and up tight hosts. I was totally wrong and surprised for a brand new club. I got bottle service for my brothers birthday. The door man was very pleasant and helpful getting my group through. The security checking our ID's had a smile and was talkative. 
The club inside was amazing, much nicer than the old club that was there. Everything from the lights, sound, music, the service and a manger that had to come over after I tipped extra was top notch. Very well done, great addition to Aria.
This place is the real deal.  If you want some great breakfast food in a homey diner, than this is the place for you!  There aren't too many places like this left, especially in southern Nevada.  The staff are incredibly friendly, the patrons are real and not pretentious, and the food is delicious!  I've only been here three times but have gotten something different every time which is quite odd for me at breakfast joints.  This time I got a single biscuit and gravy (which I love that you can do) and the Papa con Chili Verde.  This was quite a good amount of food and I was very satisfied after leaving there.  
The first two times I came here it was ridiculously crowded (for good reason) because we came on the weekend.  This last time I came on a Tuesday morning and was able to walk right in which I was quite surprised at.  It's a bit out of the way but I really feel like you will like this place.
I stayed here a bunch on a combination of award and paid nights while looking for a place in Cleveland.  At the time, the award rate was a great value (but I believe it has gone up since earlier this year.)  That said, I had an overall positive experience and wouldn't hesitate to return if I found a decent rate.

First the bad stuff:

- The decor is dated (appears to be the same design from photos that are five years old)

- The first floor has an extremely awkward design. (When you enter by the front desk, you walk half the length of the building in order to access the elevators -- from there it is an elevator ride up, and a potential back track in the opposite direction (depending on the location of your room.)

- Elevators are a little funky.  (Not as in unsafe, but one is often out of service.)

- Once had to ask for another room due to dirty sheets (hairs and stains... glad I checked.)

- A little bit of guest drama... During one stay I exited the elevator on my floor to be greeted to a giant pile of personal belongings.  Clothing, bedding, toys, etc... No baggage, just a pile of stuff.  Another time, guests in a neighboring room were screaming at each other during the wee hours of the morning.

Now the good stuff:

- Clean rooms (other than the one time with a dirty bed)

- The hotel promptly handled any service delivery issues (promptly offered a clean room along with a decent helping of breakfasts during the duration of my stay, and handled the screaming neighbors.)

- Mostly friendly and service-oriented staff.  Darryl is who first comes to mind, but everyone with the exception of one front-desk clerk was engaging and helpful.

- Great location.  If you have a car there is ample free parking, and you can still walk or drive across the street to the RTA station for an easy train trip.

- Shuttle service.  Free shuttle rides to and from the airport, but also within a five mile trip.  The five mile limit is a pretty hard and fast rule, but there is quite a bit within five miles.

Wifi varied substantially during each visit, but was mostly serviceable.  I also found the restaurant to be pretty unremarkable, but I didn't try it for lunch or dinner.  For breakfast it is about on par with Denny's and if you received a rate or have a voucher that covers breakfast, it isn't bad at all (but I wouldn't pay the menu prices for breakfast.)  If you want similar quality breakfast, there is an actual Denny's just down W 150th on the other side of I-71.

Overall, this certainly isn't the Ritz.  Heck, it's not even a current version of a Holiday Inn -- but it does have a lot of positive aspects, not the least of which is the staff.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again or to recommend the Holiday Inn to a value conscious traveler looking for a decent hotel in a great location.
Tried the all stars burger and it was amazing! Freshly grilled with a variety of condiments to choose from. Only wish the buns we're toasted a little more. Going to try the Kaiser next time!
My Samsung Note 4 had a motherboard problem after the Marshmallow 6.0.1 update. I brought in my phone on June 22, 2016 and Pat was kind enough to ship it to Samsung head office for repair. Mind you, my warranty ended on May 12, 2016 but it's not my fault that my phone broke - it was working perfectly until the update which caused my motherboard to fail. 

Gave me an estimate return date of 3 weeks. Didn't hear back from them. I had to keep calling them to follow up. Although when I do call and he's busy, he calls me back. August came in& there was no update as of yet. Pat spoke to another level of management to Samsung to get my phone fixed.

CPR ended up giving back my phone and it's working 100%. I had to be patient - Samsung changed my motherboard and it doesn't lag, reboot, restart and crash anymore. As for improvement, they need to follow up with their customers, however, I am really happy and a satisfied the customer service b\/c they went above and beyond to get my phone repaired.

Paid nothing - Samsung covered it. Initially, Samsung was charging me approximately $400+ to change the motherboard. Thanks Pat.
Getting Scuba certified through Rocky Point Scuba with Lea Parris as our instructor was great.  She is extremely knowledgeable, great with kids, and a great teacher.
This experience was so well organized and fun!!  I highly recommend this to anybody wanting to be Scuba certified.  If you love Rocky Point then without a doubt, go with Lea as your instructor.
4.5\/5 stars.

After I saw my friend's picture of his turkey burger and sweet potato fries I knew I just had to try Woody's out. So yesterday we trekked out to Woody's to devour some amazing burgers and fries. We somehow managed to get lost when Dixie Road turned into North Service Road lol.

When we finally arrived the 3 of us ordered the alpine, turkey, and burger stuffed cheddar with a side of regular and sweet potato fries. Luckily the patio wasn't busy so we got to eat outside. It took about 15-20 minutes for our buzzer to tell us that our burgers were ready. Omg, my burger was so HUGE that I had to eat it in sections because my mouth couldn't fit it all in (why does this sound so dirty?)! The sweet potato fries were sooo good! You don't even need to dip it in their spicy chipotle mayo but I used it anyway.  The only minor flaw was that my burger bun was falling apart.

If you want a freshly made local burger that is made from scratch choose Woody's. It's definitely tastier and cheaper than ordering a burger at a restaurant. 

I would definitely return!
On one hand, every single time I go here for Sunday brunch it is AMAZING. On the other hand, each time I come here for weekday lunch i am disappointed. For example, last time I came I ordered the lunch quinoa stuffed peppers. It came out not fully cooked and cold throughout. I wanted to return it to have it heated up more, but they service was so slow I didn't see our server again for at least 40 minutes. I ended up being forced to eat my half cooked, cold stuffed peppers. Then, when I was in a hurry to return to work our server was again nowhere to be found and what should have been a 45 minute-hour long lunch was easily 1.5 hours.
I've eaten at Hugo's at least 10 times and it's one of my favorite places to eat downtown.

Now I normally like a restaurant to be modern, open, airy and with lots of light.  Well Hugo's is the complete opposite of that!  However in this case I just love the old school Vegas feel of the joint.  Low ceilings, brink walls, dim lights...don't care...love it!

Food is really good, not "Celebrity chef" great.  I am always comped so value is hard to put a finger on.  All meals come with a made at table salad and with sides included, plus a small dessert at the end.  The size of the meals means that starters or extra desserts are really not needed.  So for $35 to $50 you really get a complete meal.  Based on that I would say value was good.

LOVE the prime rib, bone in strip, rack of lamb and King crab legs.  Other seafood dishes are solid if a little under whelming, all the steaks are prime and it shows.  Made to order salad is great and a mini meal in itself.

Special shout out to the Sommelier from England who is just so friendly and very funny.  Tell him what you like and he will find a great bottle for you.  He always has a bottle of Kim Crawford out that back for us.  Love it!
I'm not sure where to begin with this company. I started utilizing their services two months ago. You pay upfront for a 30 day service for 3 GUARANTEED appointments. They contact you quickly, give you email addresses, phone numbers, etc. of how to reach them. Everything gets routed to 'Crystal". They go into the account within the second week and start making a few calls. No appointments. An entire month goes by and they haven't made one appointment. I get charged for the second month, they now owe me 6 appointments. I have now spent weeks trying to get a call back from Crystal or anyone for that matter, and nobody returns a call, email, and nobody ever picks up the phone. They have horrible customer service in regards to keeping the lines of communication open. I have since canceled my subscription am nearing three months, and still waiting for my 6 appointments. So far, they have scheduled two in the last two weeks, which have both turned out to be BOGUS. One they stated I'd be meeting with a "Mike"...well there isn't even a Mike that works there. The second was an urgent appointment for the next day, I called to confirm. They already have the carrier I represent, there is nothing I can do for this person. So far they have been unprofessional, a complete and utter waste of my time and money. I will never recommend their services to anyone. I've already spoken to my District Manager and recommended that our District doesn't recommend this company to any of our agents. They are a complete scam!
I booked a last minute appt for my nails based on the reviews I read on Yelp!!!  The good reviews did not disappoint. The service was fantastic for such a busy day. The owner addressed people by name and my nail tech Ann was fabulous. Very clean and professional establishment. I would definitely go there again if I were to visit AZ again.
The best customer service I have ever experienced! They came out right away, they were super honest and didn't try to do work that didn't need to be done. I would recommend them to ANYONE looking for garage repairs!!
My bf and I came here. The srvices was horrible. They messed both of our burgers. I got one with two kinds of cheese, mushrroms, banana peppers with everything bread. The only thing they remember was banana peppers everything else was wrong. I sent my burger back twice and still couldn't get it wright. They also forgot my bfs cheese and added a bunch of stuff he didn't even order. Some girl with short hair was no help at all was kinda rude. I could also see other people around us sending their food back too.
Authentic barber experience.
In today's world of Super Cuts et al where you're just one of the many customers who the girls operate on while doing their more interesting activity ( gossip), over here you get a more personal experience.
I've got my haircut from Nash himself. The guy is loaded with experience and sincere charm. Apart from doing the haircut he also gave some usual hair care tips.
I would recommend Freed's for all your event needs.  They did a beautiful job decorating all the cookies for our baby shower in pink, purple and white.  Not only did they look adorable but they taste delicious as well.  They were ready and waiting when I arrived to pick them up.  The price was very reasonable too.  Thanks Freed's
They got rid of the marmalade filled donuts!!!! No!!!!! I'm sorry to say that this is the last straw for me, I will be forced to look elsewhere for my daily morning cheat meal...... :,(
Called to get in for an eye emergency- said they'd check and call me right back for an appointment.  It's been 4 days and have had issues seeing.  Good thing I don't have to drive my car, take care of kids or work! Thus place SUCKS and they are soooooo rude. I'd rather pay full price than go there for insurance!
When I saw the Hash Kitchen on the Arizona Breakfast Weekend list, I decided it was time to finally make my first visit.  The Hash Kitchen is co-owned by chef Joey Maggiore and his wife Cristina Maggiore of Maggiore Culinary Concepts (who also own Tomaso's Italian Restaurant and Tommy V's Osteria Pizzeria). They seek to "reimagine breakfast classics with creative remixes". This location is located in the beautiful Gainey Ranch area. The atmosphere was very inviting right when we first walked in as several people welcomed us before we were sat (we didn't wait long either). Their popular build-your-own Bloody Mary bar (claimed to be Arizona's largest) with their many garnishes and bacon-infused vodka is the first thing you see as you walk in. The bacon on a stick was calling to me as I passed by it. To start off, each of us in our party ordered a specialty coffee drink. The breakfast week menu consisted of an entrée, a classic mimosa and a cannoli donut. The donut was a nice little treat to pair with my coffee and comes fried to order. I ordered the Carnitas Hash - a cast-iron skillet filled with potatoes, roasted corn, tender pork carnitas, avocados, two eggs and a heap of crispy onions (and a couple of corn tortillas). It had a nice hint of spiciness and was just as good as it sounds. The portion sizes here are pretty generous and I had plenty to take home to eat later. Overall this was a pleasant experience and I hope next time to partake in the Bloody Mary Bar. I'm excited to check out their Chandler area location (down the street from me) when it opens.
Best cheap breakfast on the strip. We stayed at the MGM and it was very close. The mimosa left something to be desired so I'd probably skip that next time but for 4.99, especially in Vegas, it's worth a try! 

Side Note: They will sub egg whites for scrambled eggs for a $1 up charge. :)
Came home to a HOT house on a Friday night, called S'dale AC at 9PM, spoke to the answering service. Scottsdale AC called back at 8:30AM Sat morning to say they would be here at 9AM, which they were. Hector said it was the capacitor, which was covered under my warranty, so I only had to pay for the weekend visit.  He did the job and I am now cool.
Anniversary Weekend 2nd Stop Chris Jenner Celebrating B-day November 7

Prior to our Vegas anniversary trip I noticed Chris Jenner would be celebrating her BDay on Friday at 1OAK. To surprise my wife I took her there. My Club promoters was able to place me on the guest list Friday Night for Kardashians moms Bday party. My wife absolutely warships the Kardashian franchise. I despise them cant event stand to listen to the show.

TIP FOR CLUB GOERS- If your promoter is getting you access to a club show up before midnight; After midnight all the clubs will charge you. They started charging right as we got in FREEE YEEAH! . $30 Guys $20 Girls. Noticed this at other venues as well. Drinks at the club- bought beer Stellas $12 Coke for my flasked Remy $5ea.
  
My wife was starstruck upon seeing Ms Jenner and her entourage including her new boyfriend some other folks I dont know and Scott Dissomething or other oh and Monopoly man. She was taking pics having a good time. I was pretty much dancing by myself since she was in complete aww. 

The music was off the hook, hip hop, drake, Ms Jenner requested a lot of Kanye West. Scott was messing around rapping to some lyrics. BTW This guy is usually pimped out came looking like a sucka in his jammies. This is my second time at 1 OAK it was just as fun as the first. Confetti cannons, CO2 Cannons, Dollar Bill Cannons popping off throghout the night, light sticks being tossed everywhere.  Venue is small like others say, Dance Floor can get jam packed. Get drunk and get your shake on. Will be back!
This was a nice place to live initially.  The trouble started after I moved out. They sent a letter to my new address weeks later, after I had properly checked out turned in my keys.  The letter claimed I was being charged for additional carpet cleaning. I called Huntinton or whatever they're called now, and they claimed I owned an animal. I never had one while there!! The woman said she'd look into it and get back. Needless to say I probably would not get my deposit back which I should have, but if it meant being done with these guys I was ok with that.  That was not the end of things. Just a day ago, 6 MONTHS after I was out, I get a collection agency letter for $150!! First off, my apartment was in good, clean condition when I left and secondly I should have got my deposit back like the initially said was likely. But now I'm being charged this amount 6 months after for what?!  Shady business practices. DO NOT LIVE AT THIS APARTMENT! Tell anyone apartment searching in the Tempe\/Phoenix area to stay AWAY!!
I have yet to give a night club in Vegas 5 stars, I'm not sure what makes up a 5 star club, but I know I haven't found it yet. The Light is pretty darn close though.

Everyone has raved about this place since it opened, I wasn't one to fall prey to all the hype as other trendy clubs in Vegas have come and gone like Bagetelle and The Act. I waited several months to see if this location had staying power. We had friends in town celebrating a birthday, so we ended up with a group of 7 girls and 2 guys. We know a promoter here so we hoped to get a deal on a table and called ahead. Turned out the best deal we could get was 2 for 1 bottles - but seriously, I know it's Vegas, but really? Who needs 2 bottles? So we declined and tipped the doorman well to by pass the line and get in.

The Club is laid out really well. It's essentially a large U shape so every part of the club has a view of the action. And action there is. They have Circque du Soleil performers who do various things almost consistently throughout the evening. It's nice because a lot of it is subtle, off to the side or in the corners, so it's there if you want to watch, but it doesn't take over the whole dance club experience. Every so often the main wall which is typically an electronic light show turns to plexi glass and reveals various dancers\/performers behind it. It's rather cool and I'm sure my description doesn't do it justice. There's acrobats hanging from the ceiling at times, other times girls dancing on poles or in cages, etc.

The drinks here are pricey, as they are at most clubs. A bottle of beer = $10. A red bull with nothing in it = $14, a bottle of water = $8. So if you're going to drink, be prepared.

The music is one area where I can't quite give them 5 stars. it's pumping, and mostly makes you want to dance, but it was a bit of house\/techno and I kept getting frustrated because right as the music was really getting pumping it would come to a halt. It was like a constant tease. The next song would then be slow and I'd see the whole dance floor stop moving. Some may say that it's just a bad DJ, I guess another experience here may change my mind.

The other reason I can't give this place 5 stars is that it's not super huge and they WAY over pack the place. Early in the evening it's not too bad, but by midnight you seriously cannot move on the dance floor you are shoulder to shoulder. And in some cases you literally cannot get out on to the dance floor because there is a solid wall of people who are not moving. It makes it impossible to do anything but just stand in one place for virtually the entire evening, or hang out next to the bar all night.

I'd like to come here again to see if my experience is any better, all in all it's still one of the better Clubs in Vegas right now.
I am THRILLED to be writing this review. This place is more than a mom & pops place...it's the place you can go for ANY & every event in your life. 

For me...well I just came with my fiancé for Saturday brunch. It's definitely located in a plaza where you would easily miss it if you weren't using SIRI to find it (as I've driven past this place several times myself). When you get there, you're more than likely going to see people gathered outside & even sitting inside waiting for a seat in their restaurant. WORRY NOT. The wait may be 20-25 minutes...but you'll enjoy EVERY minute of whatever you order off that menu. 

Suffer now & enjoy your meal like a champion. Haha! 

We took a moment during the wait to sneak a peak at the menu and decide what we wanted...and this is what we came up with: 

1. Mama's Breakfast Burrito 
* skipped the meat...but added Pico De Gallo* 
THEY PUT IN AN ENTIRE AVOCADO IN THIS. I couldn't believe it -- that made this burrito 100% worth it & more. I usually don't eat burritos for breakfast, but I would damn sure well do it every day if it from this place. 

2. French Toast (2) 
So like, I don't know why I thought 1 order of French toast wouldn't be enough & decided to order 2. Well, I guess I overestimated...and then ate half of this item in a few minutes worth. #GobbleGobble The French toast has a little kick of cinnamon to it & you put syrup & run it through some of the powdered sugar on the plate -- and you've got yourselves a mighty good sweet tooth satisfied. 

3. Veggie Omelet 
Now this ones for the folks that can't go without eggs in the morning. Mr Mamas has a TON of options of what you can possibly do with eggs...so don't feel limited. Also, their house fries are bomb.com - so don't miss out on trying those. 

In terms of the service, it was EXCELLENT. We had people who called my fiancé by name to ask how the food was, asked to take pictures if we wanted to, and made sure our drinks were never left empty. They make customer service at other places look mediocre! 

To say we will be back is an understatement - we will be back...over & over & over again.
This is a Starbucks coffee location that also sells soft drinks, various snacks, and small travel items.   It is located inside Embassy Suites but not limited to just hotel guests.
I was very pleased with the barrista service.  I told them that I wanted the Double Shot Espresso, which is a canned coffee drink. They did not sell it but they blended something from scratch (even better!) and it was perfect and gave me the perk-up I needed.
I love walking in, being greeted with a smile, and having a great experience. The atmosphere, look of the salon, and employees are unique and fun love my cut and color by Amanda, my pedi by Jessica was hreat, and superb waxing experience from krista. Definitely a true vegas experience
LOVE their chicken tenders! Very well seasoned and fried to perfection. I had a small shake that was incredible, too! As long as there's a PDQ, I'll never need Cane's again, seriously. They blow them away!
I am so happy to welcome Pinkberry to Summerlin! I've been waiting for years for Pinkberry to come to Las Vegas. The first one was on the strip and not in the most convenient location for locals. This is their second location and it's in my hood.

It's located in Boca Park near Grimaldi's and Sambalatte. 

Flavors for today are- coconut, mint cookies and cream, plain tart, pomegranate, mango, and chocolate hazelnut. 

Their yogurt tastes more pure than other competitors, not the too sweet type of flavors.

Choose your toppings and enjoy! Ask for samples.
Surprised this place is only 3 and a half stars. I've gone in with my dad. We shared a pulled chicken salad and a half rack of ribs. They were both delicious. BBQ Sauce is really great. Service was really great as well. We even ordered dessert and got their ice cream sandwich which was amazing. Will definitely go back since it is so close to our neighborhood.
I originally booked this spa for a bachelorette but it didn't end up happening. I managed to cancel before 48 hours (otherwise you get charged 50% of what you booked). I decided to go solo a couple of months later because I needed a massage and I needed to use up my insurance. 

This is the first time I ever had a spa experience in Toronto. Previously I've only been to Japanese onsen and Korean jjiimjibang. I booked my massage a week in advance and it was smooth sailing. The water circuit was nice and it was quite peaceful when I was there. I went by myself so I took my time to decompress and meditate in the pool, sauna and steam room. 

The favourite part of my entire experience was truly the massage. I booked a 60 minute Aromatherapy deep tissue massage. The receptionist asked how hard I want my massage and I told her that I wanted an RMT that could do it heavily. I do a lot of yoga but I'm also quite stiff on my neck, shoulders and upper back. I'm always on the hunt for a really good RMT who can help with the knots in my back. I got Lynne as my RMT and she was amazing! She started off light-medium but I requested for her to go hard after a few minutes. She rubbed out a lot of knots I didn't even realized I had. I passed out when she started working on my head and shoulders. It was the first time I truly passed out on the massage table. 

It was also the first time I had a full body massage. I had deep tissue massages for 60 minutes before but the previous RMTs would only focus on my shoulders and neck when I mention to them my problem areas. It was nice to finally get a fully body experience. 

At the end, I really liked how she was able to diagnosed my situation. She recommended that I go to a chiropractor for my neck and get more massages from an RMT who works with cranial massages. It was the first time I had an RMT suggest extra treatments based on what she recognized could be potential problems down the road. Other RMTs I had in the past either just said, "Yeah, you should get more massages" when I asked if I should be doing it consistently or not mention anything at all. I'm always open to hear how I can get my body treated and it was the first time I had an RMT who gave my suggestions before I even asked anything. 

Overall, I could not recommend Lynne and Body Blitz enough. You get the free water experience if you book a massage so I highly recommend it. It's a great bonus if you are a person just looking for deep tissue massage.
Vegetarian Menu is pretty awesome!

I have always really liked the Terrace Pointe Cafe. I have been dining here during the Summer months for years, and sometimes during the not so warm months if I am at Wynn for an event or a show. The Cafe sits overlooking the Wynn pool and is a nice view when the weather is warm ;)

 Here is the thing..it's a cafe. Simple, but elegant in it's styling. Used to be 24 hours, but now only into late night I believe. I have always been a fan. You can get everything from a burger and fries to a Vegetarian menu option of a burger and fries. I have had their 'veggie burger' and fries served with a cashew milk-chocolate shake and really enjoyed it. 

it's comfortable, and clean, and the food is made well and tastes good. Sure it's not your most typically priced 24 hour, but you are on a 5 star property and the food is comparable to the price point. That being said, it's usually about $40 each when I have dined at Terrace Point, but we have a few drinks, appetizers, dinner.. it's all good and not too much more than I would spend at any other cafe around Vegas. 

Th atmosphere is relaxed with comfortable seating and they have good food and a full bar. For that I'm In! Check it out!
Had my car done here, Kevin really knows his stuff. Will always come back and recommend to all my friends looking to get their tint done right. They really pay attention to detail.
This micro kitchen packs a lot of talent and passion for good food--namely pizza. The pizza pulls inspiration from traditional Italian methods, but be ready for creative spins. The Fire & Brimstone pizza, loaded with chorizo and jalapeño, packs some serious personality and punch (add an over easy egg and you have a whole new dish). The pizza of the week offers a refreshing take on a simple food (my last visit it was a buffalo chicken and house ranch pizza). 

Outside the pizza menu are some great finds. My favorite is the hummus. Have it as an appetizer while you're waiting for your pizza. The hummus is authentic and textured--as though someone's grandma made it (a fun addition to it: their lamb sausage).

Recently, the shop had a Valentine's Day dinner that included AMAZING dishes for that night.  I am hoping they continue the trend of special "date night" meals that allow us more hearty selections.
First time here. Found us a new local favorite Mexican place to eat

Second time was even better
The French fries have been horrible lately taste like they have been cooked in old grease. Fried hard and over season.  Wings are still good but hold the fries
Smokin' is right!!  GREEEEAAT Barbeque!!  
Henderson needed a new good place, located in the old Pizza Hut building on Boulder Hwy...great food, reasonable prices and service was quick.  
Very casual place with picnic benches as the tables, really cute.  We had Brisket and Pulled pork with all the fixins', cant say a bad word about it -  I will definitely be back!
Hannah is the best!! I'm happy with my hair after every appointment. She's articulate, professional, creative, ambitious and intuitive. She'll make you beautiful.
This place is a great little hangout. The reason I don't rate this 5 stars is because of a small problem. We came into the place and the air conditioner was way to loud and  was freezing all of the people's toes off. The service was just okay, but it was busy that night so I can get past that. The food was amazing and that's why this place got 4 stars for me.
I LOVE this place! Mr. and Mrs. Young are phenomenal!!! Unfortunately we were only able to stay a month due to unforeseen circumstances but my son improved so much in that month. I was hesitant on group classes but each student gets the perfect amount of time spent with them. My son truly developed in one month. I will also say the atmosphere here is just as wonderful as the owners. This is definitely the place to go for karate in Henderson.  You will not be disappointed!
Pizza and cheese sticks were good. However, the girl handling the pizza doughs is nasty. She was working on pizza dough with her bare hands and she kept stepping out of the store and grabbing her phone and did not wash her hands. She also did not have a hair net on and her hair was all over the place.
Terrible service department. I had my tires mounted there in October and recently discovered that the dealership mounted them inside out, when the tires clearly have marked on them which side does on the inside of the wheel and which side goes on the outside. When I brought it to the attention of a service adviser, Steve, yesterday, he wasn't apologetic at all, and wouldn't even rectify the situation on the spot. I had to take time out of my day today and take it back in for an appointment and waste another two hours of my time all the while no one offered me even the slightest apology for a fairly standard job that a professional dealership should be able to handle without any problem. When I brought up the fact that I hadn't been offered any compensation for my time or even an APOLOGY, the service manager (who still didn't apologize for their mistakes) offered me a free oil change while trying to place blame on some other shop mixing up the tires. When does anyone take the tires off the wheels except when they're done?! Absolutely ridiculous! I had to tell him to give me a refund for the original service at which point he offered to mail me a cheque!! Is this dealer living in the 70's? Who in their right mind offers to mail a cheque for a screw up in 2014! Still haven't received a proper apology for the incorrect work from these guys. Their Customer Service is a joke. Not to mention last week I had a 30 point inspection done and they tried to sell me a bunch of extras, such as rear brakes, that were verified as being fine by an independent shop and with my own eyes! Avoid this place at all costs!
The office staff is awful.  Office staff is unable to get insurance company billing details correct no matter how many times they receive the correct information.  Stay away from this office due to their office staff
Bad room and showers. Small casino that is dark and smelly. The dealers are all very nice, and helpful. The drinks come around around every 45 minutes at best. They only get 1 stars for the cafe, which has excellent coffee shop food. 

I booked 4 rooms for my family, as part of a 50 room group that I brought. They only comped 1 of the 4 rooms after the prior year of comping all 3 of them. We will not be back to give them our business, as there are many more hotels that would want that business.
I contacted Wolff Mechanical because they were an authorized APS contractor to conduct a super-tune up on my ac.  They came out, and their machine wasn't working to conduct the audit, so they left.  They never followed up to reschedule, and they left a mess in my house from going up into the attic. I will never recommend them to anyone.
I don't remember name of my curry soup, maybe Ka it was very good and I would try other things in future.  We sat out front of restaurant, so I never went inside.
Neil is an old school craftsman. He loves talking about guitars and the possibilities in building them. I have a custom Smith guitar which is as close to an "everything axe" as you can get. It's a beautiful piece of work. I have also taken him several other guitars and basses for setups and\/or modifications. All were finished with meticulous attention to detail and played like butter after.
Holly and Richard were the most wonderful people to work for for our wedding cake. We decided to go with a very extravagant cake that would feed over 250 people. Throughout the entire process, they replied very quickly to all of our questions, were very honest about everything and very reasonable prices! I made a sketch on paper of what I was hoping the cake to look like after meeting with Holly two short times, they made my cake come to life! They made us feel very comfortable and we completely trusted them with everything! Our wedding cake was the most beautiful thing we have ever seen and not to mention how delicious each layer was!! Our guests are still talking about how delicious it was and how overwhelmingly beautiful the appearance of it was. We cannot thank them enough and would HIGHLY highly highly recommend going with them if you want something general or something very custom, they are the right people for the joB!!! I consulted several other bakeries and none of them would do exactly what I wanted. We are beyond thankful we found them! Absolutely worth every dollar we spent and will be going back to them for every occasion, big and small!
Excellent food and very nice service. I had the cashew chicken as well as the chicken Pad Se Ew. The lady behind the counter (who I believe is the owner) personally comes to check on the people eating in the restaurant and is friendly with a great smile. She genuinely cares if the people enjoy the food. I recommend this restaurant and will be going back to try many more dishes.
My wife had a deep dish pizza craving. We saw on the local news stations that a new Chicago style pizza place had opened in the valley called Gino's East so we had to try it out. We got out on a late start so we didn't get there until 7:00pm. Not too many places to self park so we did valet parking. Went inside and waited about 20 minutes for a table (pretty average). We ordered drinks and and appetizer fried calamari. We also placed our pizza order as we were told that a deep dish would take about 45 minutes to cook. The fried calamari was tasty but a little chewie, a little over done. The drinks were great and the beer was cold. Our pizza came out in the time like the waitress had told us. We were served our slices but the guy who brought it out. The pizza was good. The sauce was yasty but a little on the salty side. The crust was thick and held the pizza well. We decided to finnish off our dinner with desert so we had the beignets. They were a little doughy and bland. All and all we enjoyed our dinner and liked the friendly staff. I will definitely be back.
The staff is friendly and the vibe is welcoming however the past three times we have visited our orders and bills have has issues. Not sure if it's our luck or what... I would understand if we had difficult orders but we are very simple people.
The view is nice, but the food was cold and service was REALLY slow. Better off just getting foods from one of the stands. Was hoping for a fancy ballpark experience this was not it.
Worst experience ever. As a veteran they love to prey on vets just for the money. I posted a resume on monster, get a call from John Dvorak and he eased it from job posting, to education. I went and met with him. He conned me into some bullshit microsoft office course that I could've taught. He failed to mention that the VA wouldn't pay for the exams. Low and behold I start finding out how fucking shady this place is. The final 2 weeks of the course I'm literally sitting around because I've completed everything. 3 days before my "graduation" date I get a job. I ask Brenton, the school VA guy, if he can work with me since I'm not doing anything the last few weeks anyway to make it to where I don't get charged by the VA due to the job wanting me to start immediately. Brenton says no, when in reality they were willing to move class dates to accommodate me a few weeks ago if I were going to continue with them. I hope no other vets get scammed by these people. Due to them I'm about to owe the VA 3500 bucks for a fucking Microsoft office course that I didn't need.
Hot and fresh food.  Love this place.  For a 'fast food' type place...this beats most Mexican Food Restaurants around Scottsdale.  My family have been here several times, as it has become a favorite, and we've always had a nice experience.  Beans and rice always are fresh and hot.  The Chicken taquitos (combo) are great.  I like that they do not drown\/cover everything in cheese like many other Mexican food restaurants.  My only complaint during one visit was that their Horchata did not taste fresh.  Other than that, it's a great dining experience.
Just OK.  Everything I have had in several visits seems just flat.  Italian beef, eggplant sandwich, pizza slices all seem to need something more to make them memorable.
Hot as in Turn On the A\/C!!  Holy swamp balls batman.  This was one of our stops via Nite Tours and I wished this was not one of them.  The music was good, but it was crowded and there was about to be a throw down near me.   I didn't want my kicks to get messed up so I snitched on em and had security diffuse the tension.  Drink prices avg $12-14, decor was cool upstairs, and I was really not feeling the crowd at all.
My friend and I were very excited to try Poro's as it had just opened recently but we weren't all that impressed. The restaurant itself is beautiful. Probably one of the coolest restaurants in Pittsburgh. The fresh fish market is also a nice touch. So from an environment perspective I definitely give it a 5 star. 

The food on the other hand was over priced and nothing special. We asked the waiter what he recommended and he said the crispy skin dorade was the most popular item on the menu so we both ordered it. Overall I think the presentation was nice but it was missing something. Definitely not worth $32. We also started the meal with the 3 dips: roasted cauliflower hummus, baba ghanoush, and tzatziki. They were all fairly good but the tzatziki was by far the best. It had an excellent taste and it tasted very fresh. Factoring both taste and price I would only give the food a 3 start rating.
The Ol' Franklin inn.  I grew up going to this restaurant that has a picture of Benjamin Franklin splashed across it's sign - odd huh?  This place is a Franklin Park staple of so called authentic Mexican food.  I understand and agree with the other reviewers that this this place isn't authentic, and to be quite honest the food is meh, nothing spectacular.  In fact 90% of their menu is bland and boring.  So why the three stars?  For one it's close to my parents house, so one star for convenience.  Two stars for one hell of a strong margarita.  My favorite would have to be the strawberry on the rocks.  I suggest that you inhale one to enjoy the greasy food coming your way.  Lastly the third star for the wings, which are extraordinary.  You have never had a wing like this before, and this is the reason, the only reason to visit this fine establishment. They are truly the star player on their menu.  They are smokey, spicy, with a slight tang and are grilled - yes grilled to perfection.  They take around 20 minutes to cook up these delicious wings, so order them as soon as your butt hits the chair - you won't be sorry!
Very disappointed. The service wasn't good, we had to track her down to order, she checked some while we ate then had to track her down for our check. My avocado tostada had 3 small pieces of avocado, I was expecting more. My husband had the deluxe burrito, he said it was pretty good but something he could've easily just made at home. The worst part was the queso!! It tasted EXACTLY like store bought from a can with the little jalapeños in it. SO disappointing! Mexican restaurants usually have the best cheese dip, not this place!!! We won't be back
My wife and I are big fans of this place!  It has been one of your usual stops when in town on vacation.  The BBQ is authentic and the quality of the meats is great!  We like all styles of barbecue and MCB seems to deliver a satisfying and hearty meal.  One could never complain about portion sizes here, I'm a big eater and I have never been able to finish my meal :)
Try one of the meat combos for a sampling of different items like burnt ends, ribs, pulled pork etc...  the fried pickles are EXCELLENT!  Keep up the good work and I'm looking forward to living in town so we can come more often.
Woohoo another girl's trip to vegas! I usually don't care where we stay as long as it's near the clubs and it's a decent and clean hotel. Luckily this time my gf and points for Elara so the first night was free and second night we split between the girls. We were 6 girls so she upgraded to a suite for a bit more of a price. It was well worth it because 6 girls and one bathroom?! no not going to happen. 

The hotel is behind Planet Hollywood. Used to be Planet towers I believe. There is no casino which is fine for me since none of us gamble and it's pretty cigarette free. I like that you need a key to get in the elevator that way I feel more safe. I would say the crowd is a mix. You get young crowds and some families. They also have a nice pool and lots of lay out areas. 

Now for the suite... It was bigger then my 1 bedroom apt back in LA. You have 1 room with a queen sized bed, a nice bathroom, and a little living room area that has a couch, which is also a pull out bed. Then connected to our door is the living room with kitchen! They have everything from utensils, plates, everything! The living room is big with a huge L couch and TV and a great view. Connected to living room on the other side is another room with a queen size bed, nice bathroom, and..... a Jacuzzi! Sadly no one really got to take advantage of it, but we did soak our feet in it after a long night of dancing :) 

I've never been in a suite so to me this was amazing! I actually wanted to just stay in the room and throw a party. The decoration is also nice. It's a modern vintage look. Some red couches, red painted door, Marilyn Monroe and James Dean wall art, this is just down my alley. The hotel is connected to Planet Hollywood which is nice since they have the big shopping strip inside. If you don't gamble and don't like the smell of cigarettes then this is the hotel for you! DAMN I wish I could have taken pictures! :(
Oishii! Authentic! Real Japanese curry-- like Japan! Make sure you put all the condiments on top- the red little pickles, white picked onions, raisins, sliced almonds... 

Got the chicken katsu- white rice baby. Added cheese and corn (50 cents each). Level 3 spice. Delish! The crunchy, moist chicken katsu, with the warm, sticky rice. The sweetness of raisins and the crunch of almonds, combined with the sour umami of the pickled red condiments. So good! 

Pretty lame I don't remember the real name of the red stuff. Cut some slack, 3 rd generation Japanese American :). 

Hubs lived in Japan, and said it's as authentic as it gets, except in Japan, you can add a raw egg. 

Hubs also added a potato croquet to his and loved it. 

Small place, but no problem seating our group of 9 on a Sat night. Busy little strip mall, with a convenient bobba tea place nearby. 

Edamame was a large serving for $3.50. 

Highly recommend this hidden gem!!
The pizza here was so good the dough was soft and fluffy and not overlooked.  The girl who took the order was patient, courteous, and thorough.  The gentlemen making the pizza was very polite.  Everything was made as requested, service was awesome so glad we have them in our neighbourhood.
This Show Must Be On Your Bucket List.
Of all the Vegas Shows (include cirque shows) I've seen - This was The Best Ever!
The Light, Performers, and 4D Effects are Truly, Truly Amazing!
After seeing good reviews on Yelp I went to this place. The food was no so great. It was a lunch buffet and the taste was just fine. Nothing really extra-ordinary about the place. Don't believe the reviews that it is the best Indian food that they have ever had and all that(Probably those guys have never tasted authentic tasty Indian food)
Thobors Boulangerie Patisserie Cafe is a place that I fell in love with right when I step inside its door... 

All these French pastries, bread, cakes all display in front of me and oh that aroma of rich and buttery baked goods! Not only they smell good, they all so pleasing to my eyes too... 

This Cafe has such a good positive vibe on this rainy and chilly Sunday noon. Looking at all the baked goods I really don't know what to get.. Now I know the dilemma of decision and let my friend just pick something! anything! As long as that includes some macaroons.. 

Plain Croissants 
- quite buttery and flaky... a little doughy inside 
Chocolate Croissants 
- a solid stick of chocolate inside...not my fave... I like mine more spread out.. 
Beignet 
- love the sprinkled sugar on top on the fried doughnut.. hey I would not have got it myself to eat without feeling guilty.. but since someone else got it.. I am always nice to help finishing it! 
Macaroons 
- love the mini size! good for gifting or having a taste of the basic flavour without going into a sugar coma! 

Thobors Boulangerie though is a little pricier than other bakeries but I just love their vibes and energy... and it is OK to splurge once in awhile... Here I get a little taste of Paris without flying there.....Mmmmmm
Super friendly staff and very clean course. We will be back for sure! Thank you Mulligans, for a great time!
We have been coming here for over a year now for Saturday\/Sunday breakfast and we love it! Trista is always our waitress and she is so happy and positive evertime we come in; and she remembers how we love our bloody marys. I love the atmosphere and the staff are all so nice! The breakfast is good and the price cant be beat! I usually stick with the sierra gold platter and get the ham steak, its thick, juicy, and cooked perfectly! We will continue to come back!!!
BEST deli I have ever eaten at, HANDS DOWN.

Katz in New York City does not hold a candle to this place!  They make EVERYTHING in house here -- from the bread, to the pastrami, to the herb mayos and sauces to the pierogies! 

I has the best pastrami sandwich ever here -- both the Szmidt and the Kreege sandwiches are to die for. The rye bread is so soft and moist -- they make it in house! and the meat is done so perfectly it pretty much melts in your mouth.

Also -- the pierogies are PHENOMENAL!  Really, the best I have ever had.

If you love a good deli -- this is your place.  You can't find this kind of experience anywhere in Pittsburgh.  The owner is a super nice guy who works hard and is always there.  He will come out and make sure you have everything you need or just yell to you from behind the counter.

Can not say enough about this place!  Just go! NOW!
Wow what a great burger!! Pressed fresh daily, good quality bun, spend more get an expensive burger. These things are the best quality. Lots of odd drafts on tap as well. Good stop for an out of town-er.
I want to give this place more stars because I love their vibe, its close enough to home for me but I really don't enjoy their beer. I do appreciate the fact that they attempt to have a variety but I always end up ordering a bottled beer instead of their signature drafts. They have a great rotation of bands and they are a very laid back, no nonsense kind of a location, I LOVE.
Such wonderful food and service. Recently had my first experience at Charleston's and I'm leaving as one happy customer. Food was terrific, and the service was some of the best I have ever had. Our waitress had the best recommendations, and always made sure to keep our drinks full. Will most definitely be returning, and cannot wait to try more amazing food.
Went in for lunch to check out the place; yelp claimed 4 stars. Atmosphere was okay; had radio on pop playing a bit loud - so just an American ambiance. The restaurant wasn't busy for lunchtime though. Ordered Pad Thai chicken lunch plate. The eggroll was barely warm but burned, saturated with oil, and had no flavor; it obviously had been precooked and sitting around waiting......for some time. The fried rice was horrendous. NO FLAVOR at all and mushy (was this Asian food really?).  The Pad Thai chicken had no flavor and the noodles for too thin and mushy.... OH and the soup! Had Hot and Sour soup - it was atrocious; Sweet and like jelly. Maybe that is the 'fusion' they are talking about?  I told the waiter when asked how it was "okay" as we had just started and he said, "oh." My husband's food was equally horrific if not worse. We left most of the meal on the plate when we left and no one cared to ask. If you want bland fast food type American food then this is the place for you; but honestly, go elsewhere.
Just took delivery of an order of ( jumbo?) wings that I saw on special. I was told that it would take 45 to an hour...way off.luke warm food,the guy on the phone seemed lost and I was overcharged. Not going to bother calling back because the only thing that was ok we're the breadsticks.
Better step it up soon folks! This is a pizza lovin town.
This is exactly what we were hoping to find, albeit extremely difficult to find.

It's self-serve with sample cups so you can try whatever you want first.

Great toppings bar with all the usual greats: sour patch kids, various fruit, boba, etc.

We used the $8 for $10 Yelp deal. The cashier had never seen it before and didn't know what it was but honored it anyway.

this place has recently changed its name to OPA life greek express. its menu is similar but updated. i love eating here for lunch, this time ecspecialllyy it was made perfect! the new guy with the cardinals hat was very attentive and double checked the orders while preparing, which i loved because i am lactose i usually get no feta and theres been times people will still add it, so thank you to him i appreciated th extra attention to detail.i didn't catch his name. they also call out your name now when your order is ready which is nice :)
An amazing experience! Free to boot!

I think they only go in the evening. There are signs posted about when they start\/when next one is.

I have been to Vegas multiple times and always stop to watch the Bellagio fountains. 

The choreography of the fountains to the music is just magical. 

Worth waiting and getting a close spot for.
Awesome atmosphere down on freemont street! Had the time of our life with the concert stage just steps outside the door plus their own outdoor bar.
Rachel gave me the best set of lashes ever. I've had my lashes done on\/off for years but no one has ever used the faux mink lashes before. I can't even feel them and they look so pretty. It's only been 24 hours but I slept in them and didn't really lose that many lashes--they look the same as when I walked out of the salon. Rachel was quick but thorough and made me feel comfortable during the whole process. Highly recommend.
Excellent.  Mexican food, so chips and salsa has to be good, check!  Choice of fountain or bottled soda, good service and excellent food.  Been twice, same great experience both times.  Great to have in the neighborhood.
I've been hearing about this place for a long while from various friends, specifically one friend. Finally decided to try it when near the area. 

Super busy location. First time ive been to a restaurant like this. There are different lines for different things you want. Top favorite meat among a lot of people is the spicy pork (adobada). Then of course, you have the usual carne asada, as well as the more "exotic" eats like stomach, tongue, etc

Their taco's are priced pretty much around the same price ~$2\/ea with exception to the tongue being $2.25

Aside from the tacos, another popular thing that was suggested were carne asada fries. Being one who has tried carne asada fries in the past from another place (Roberto's), i was eager to try these ! 

Adobada - spicy pork, freshly sliced off the rotating spit. Seasoned nicely. Not spicy (sadly) but still delicious

Carne Asada - Freshly cooked on the hot plate and sliced. More towards the medium  to medium well but still fairly tender. Would like a less meat temp cook but they probably use a better quality or cut of meat to produce a nice tender texture. 

Pork Stomach - simmering in an unknown broth, cut upon order. Very tender and flavorful. 

Beef Tongue (lengua) - same as the stomach, cut upon order. Super flavorful and tender. Tongue has a different texture than normal meat but its porous in a way to soak up some of the broth it was sitting in

Nice location, which they'd open one up on the west side of town. I believe there's one on the Strip as well.
This location has been my fav for years. Partly because its on my walk to work every morning (yes, i like convenience and i'm lazy), but partly because the coffee is always fresh and strong, they have great flavors (my fav is half caramelo and half paradiso), the line always moves very quick\/efficiently, and the staff is extremely nice.  

I go there primarily for the coffee. If you have a travel mug they give you a 0.20 discount which brings a small coffee down to $1.63.  Their small is a tall at Starbucks so you really get more coffee for the same price. Their Americano and other specialty drinks are decent. They have a great apple cider as well. 

The best part of the coffee is always the first sip when it is pipin hot as you can feel the heat from the liquid course through your body. That first sip really is a moment of small quiet ecstasy...but the legal kind.

Other flavors that are note worthy are Irish Cream, Hazelnut Cream, French Vanilla.  I always ask them to blend it with half paradiso for a stronger hearty flavor.

Their pastries are ok. I've tried their cranberry\/blueberry muffins which are really tasty.  I haven't tried much else.

I highly recommend this location.
What a great store and they have been in business for a long time, so need to worry about them closing their doors anytime soon.

What a great selection of furniture, bedding and gifts. Definitely worth it to stop in and see.
Great food, and for germaphobes like me, the restaurant was incredibly spotless and clean. Will definitely be coming back
.
I really wanted to like Twist but for what I had and the $ it just wasn't worth it. Everything was prepared well and the service was exceptional, but I just wasn't wowed. Maybe my expectations were set too high. For what it's worth, my favorites were the octopus with cauliflower and a grape gelee along with a perfectly executed scallop dish. The BF's favorite was the foie gras and game meat wrapped in a puff pastry served in a red wine reduction. That was easily the best wow dish, in terms of both skill and execution. At the end of it all, I just think there are other better and more reasonable fine-dining options in Vegas.
Wow!! Cannot say enough about this practice! Professional, helpful, empathetic staff.  Had an emergency on New Years Eve.  Called their after hours number.  Went RIGHT THROUGH to the doctor, not an answering service.  The doc was so nice and didn't rush, listened to all of my concerns.  Had my appointment today, saw Dr. B Walters.  She was so sweet, caring and again LISTENED to all of my issues and I felt very confident in the recommended care plan.  Had 1st half of crown today with NO PAIN during the procedure.  I am so glad I found them.  High tech, very clean office too!
Wet to try out some fish and chips and we were pleasantly surprised by this little gem.  The fish was made to order so we knew it was fresh.  When it came to the table we were blown away by the portions.  We both got the $7.99 3 pc and couldn't finish it.  That just doesn't happen with us.  We can eat!  The place was clean and the server was a super nice gentleman.  He asked everyone's name which made it a personable experience.  It was 30 mins away but we'll be doing it again and heading up to South mountain.
I am always impressed by this location. Angie takes her time and works very hard to make sure your nails are filed perfectly and you're happy with your colour and all, I would suggest going here especially if you like to use gel and shellac! Be sure to book to an appointment they are always busy!!
Thought I would try this place so we ordered two fish mahi-mahi tacos to go at $14 something apiece what a rip-off!!!! Got home and found one tiny fried piece of fish in each taco. About the size of a French fry. The rice that came with it was tasty but "get real" this shouldn't have cost more than 6-7 bucks! Don't waste your money on this place.
One of our family members was having problems with their gums and AZ Otolaryngology (good luck spell check) was recommended to us.  

Everyone from the staff, to the doctors couldn't have been nicer.  They take the pain out of going to the Dentist; er Otolaryngologist.
No bad ... Big variety .... Sea bass was surprisingly fresh .... The rice wasn't that great tho ...
But im a huge fan of seabass so it def gets a pass..!
Stopped into Cogburn's for their New Years Eve party and to see our friends band play for the night. The services wasn't bad at the beginning of the night, and the wings were great. As the night went on the service got worse and several of the servers seemed to getting drunk with one ending up spilling champagne on us and the people next to us.

 When we cashed out, we got one bill with the correct charge on it, later to find out by checking our online banking that we were charged TWICE, once for the correct amount and then a second time for a much larger incorrect amount. Friends of our that were there the same night had the same issue of being double and over charged and even had items on their bills that they didn't order. We called in about our double charge and were told it was a mistake and the transaction was voided for us, but it is still unresolved and hasn't been refunded. Our friend on the other hand was not told it was voided or a mistake for their incorrect charges. 

Shady business, wouldn't recommend it to anyone. You can get great wings without the hassle elsewhere.
Delicious food. I always get the half and half! Can't ever go wrong. Only bad thing about this location is the stench from the bathroom in the back. I always make sure to do take out because of this.
I had the jerk pork and it was very delicious.  The pork was so tender, you only needed a fork to eat with. Rice and peas was tasty and not over cook. The beef patty was nothing special, had better. The price was very reasonable and no complaints with their portion size.  Will definitely be back!!!
Went here a few weeks ago with a bunch of gals for their weekend brunch! The food was excellent, service was top notch, and my bottomless mimosa was never empty! 
Cant wait to go back!
Nice venue bad service!

There was a bartender named Tammy with a tattoo on her arm that was very rude to me and some of the other customers waiting to order drinks.
Friendly, but they couldn't fix the problem with my Smart Car. I appreciate them being thorough, but they mentioned they couldn't read the error code. No matter now, I sold the car!
My fiancé and I ate here earlier in the week with the family. The service was excellent, and everything was spotless. My only complaint is that I didn't care for any of the food. I ordered the Bison Burger, which came on a dry flax seed bun, with flavorless sweet potato hash. My fiancé ordered the Mediterranean Salad with no meat, and the portion was very small and not very filling. Her salad was $11, and my entree was $16. I understand the restaurant's concept and I think it's great, but I think there should be better options for those who don't want an extremely clean meal. A beef burger with some deep fried french fries would be preferred! All in all, a great option for clean eaters and those with dietary restrictions, but not for the rest of us who eat whatever we want!
Went in Sunday because my regular place was swamped.  Thought this would be a good choice because closer to home.  Went and they were not very busy (should have been a clue) and only had a pedicure.  Worst one I have ever had.  Polish on one toe was coming off with 3 hours. Ill wait for my old salon to have an opening next time. Tech seemed bothered by having to do a pedicure while soccer was on.
They were unprofessional on 4 levels, didn't call us, didn't pick up, corp said the lady we had an appointment with doesn't work there, then they called me and said our app is @10 not 9:30 which is exactly what i had said, then she calls me back after hunting her down to say she's gonna be late. That's what cell phones are for, she wasn't gonna notify us, we would have been sitting there for 30min with an baby in the car. She didnt even show up in professional attire. This company was entirely unprofessional top to bottom. I would not recommend them to anyone.
This was an amazing show that far exceeded expectations. The guitar riffs gave me goosebumps. Plus, it was super cool to remember Prince and all of his antics. The addition of Morris and the time and the vanity female band was also fun. Loved this show. Highly recommended by a 30+ year Prince fan! Don't take your mom though. As you can imagine, some of his stuff is uber racy!!
I love LVAC-Sandhill!  The aqua classes, instructors and pool were the best in town.  Unfortunately, the administration has not replaced the instructors who have left.  There are no aqua classes on Monday, Thursday or Friday.  I'm not getting my money's worth.  It's been two months without a Monday instructor!  Why does it take so long?  Calls and emails to the corporate office are not returned.  Very disappointed in LVAC.
The menu items are all 4's or 1's.  It is very hit or miss.  The Indian menu items are good.  I had a chickpea salad that was really flavorful, and the butter chicken and vindaloo sauce (on the steak) are both decent too.  However, some of the fusion menu items are downright terrifying...mozarella samosas?  They are as bad as they sound.  Also, they put this really sugary, completely superfluous raspberry drizzle on the desserts, which basically ruins any flavor they may have.
This may be my new favorite spot in Old Town.  I had been once before in May and then came back last week.  I did the red tasting and loved all but one of the wines.  I joined the wine club, which is an amazing deal.  Last night was the Pick Up Party for the December wines.  They had a nice spread of finger foods and each person got a glass of their new Malbec.  As a club member, I'll get a free tasting for me and one other person every day, as well as a discount on wine.  I can't wait to take advantage of those perks!
Decent farmers market with several friendly vendors.

Look for the jalopeno peanut brittle, the incredible maccaroons, sweet republic ice cream and crepes from torched goodness! lots of yumminess and it is dog-friendly!
I've never been a fan of Applebee's but met up with friends per their request. Went on a Friday at 2:45pm for appetizers...but ending up getting the two for $20 with the hubs. 

We started with buffalo chicken wings, then my hubbys entree was a hamburger and fries with bacon. From the couple of bites I took...I was not impressed. The bacon seemed half cooked, the tomatoes\/lettuce were very unappealing visually, the hamburger clearly wasn't quality. (but what do you expect...its Applebee's.)  I ordered the shrimp\/fries...totally great if you are craving fried food as I was on this particular visit. 

Like Ellen B mentioned...no "culinary excellence" here...but that is only to be expected. Overall, not horrible but not fabulous...just "Meh. I've experienced better." ;0)
Need younger more attractive staff as well as skilled. Took many breaks that were charged to the hour session
Took my car here with some minor scratches and one little bigger one. Bob was straight up and fixed it for free, saying he'd want me to come back if something serious happens. I highly recommend Raintree Auto Body, definitely turned my day around and they have been around for a long time! Reputable company that knows what they are doing.
The onion rings were the best ones I've had in a long time, but the zucchini sticks were a little too greasy. I took a bite into my famous star and it had way too much sauce on it like I had to get about 30 napkins to wipe some off of it,who am I kidding I had to wipe most of the sauce off! The Western bacon cheese burger was awesome in every way! The chicken bacon and Swiss Burger is really good to! We are most likely going to come back to there
Come for the food, stay for the people, and leave feeling full in heart and body. I picked this place on a whim to meet a friend for lunch, and I'm so very glad I did. I ordered the oxtail, which I've never tried before, and my friend ordered the jerk chicken. We both got the small sizes and still had enough to share so that we both had a chance to taste each dish. I loved the oxtail - tender and perfectly seasoned, and the jerk chicken was spicy but not painful - my friend noted that it was that perfect point of spiciness where you still taste all the flavors. The meal came with rice, fried plantains, and steamed cabbage - very home style, which fit the surroundings - bright, clean, and cheerful - as my friend mentioned to Cecilia, it felt like we were sitting and chatting in her kitchen. Not to be missed - definitely on my list of places that are what I love about Pittsburgh.
I highly recommend Laura as your Vegas Wedding Photographer. Laura is a native of Las Vegas so she knows the hip and elegant spots to have your artistic pictures taken.  She exceeded our expectations with her quality of work and was fun to work with!
As touted as this place was, I was highly disappointed in my first visit.  First off, the staff seemed out of sorts. Next, this place itself is a fish out of water for the downtown area as it charges strip prices for upscale menu items. 

I understand the desire to reinvigorate downtown but know your audience.  Sandwiching this place between the vanguard lounge and a local coffee shop is not going to generate customers.  The atmosphere is actually quite barren, part of the disheartening trend to push customers through without comfortable dining.  The menu is sparse but with interesting options.  

We tried the chicken meatballs, devils on horeseback and the shrimp scampi.  The chicken meatballs were ok but nothing to write home about.  The devils on horseback were very disappointing.  The shrimp was good but be warned, it is a small plate and comes just with shrimp and toast.  The toast is forgettable.  We did enjoy the cast iron smores with bacon which was the star of the night.  There are far better choices around town.
A perfect place to have a morning chit chat with my loved one while having breakfast. Crepes taste amazing and we can't compare to crepes that are made in other restaurants. It's just exceptionally good!!! I did not like the chestnut jam that came with my crepe (ordered out of curiosity). It was a bit too sweet for my taste but I know what to order next time. 

I love how much whipping cream they added on the dish (a lot!). I wish they had mangoes for toppings since I'm going nut for it when it comes to crepes. Customer service was great too.

J'ADORE!
Great burgers! Love the one out at the biltmore! Glad they put one in gilbert! Service was fantastic! Kobe burger cooked to perfection and the truffled Parmesan fries are off the hook!
Thank you Tony for opening a new spot closer to me than downtown.  While I love Pizza Rock Downtown us locals hate getting in the mix with all the tourists down yonder, and not to mention paying to park!!  I might be called NORM here very soon as I found the happy hour pricing and food selections very pleasing.  I might as well go order the next size up in jeans because I can now have my pizza and eat it too!! 

Food here as always was excellent!!  The happy hour menu has enough food selections to keep your palate singing!!  It is also a good way to sample some of the specialty za's without buying a big pie if you don't like it.  2 personal pizza's, truffle fries, and a soda was $22!!  We left stuffed and with leftovers!!  Once again...Thanks Tony!!
MÜV Integrated Physical Culture is a true gem in Pittsburgh, and I am grateful to have crossed paths with owner and instructor Jhonphilipp Yonan. Jhon is a rare individual who lives with purpose, is deeply passionate about his work, and generously shares his expertise to benefit others' health and well-being. An instructor of "physical culture," Jhon draws exercises from a variety of historical and contemporary traditions, creating unconventional but science-based movement sequences that promote the development of strength, stability, agility, and endurance. 

Both private and small group training are excellent. Jhon is experienced at teaching all levels, and he is effective as a physical therapist for those with injuries. He presents thoughtful, customized sequences to address individual needs, and he has a unique ability to deconstruct complex movements into baby steps that allow you to progress efficiently and with integrity. 

As a yoga practitioner and instructor, I've found the instruction at MÜV to complement and enhance my practice, bringing a new awareness to familiar yoga poses. Whereas yoga often focuses on bone alignment, Jhon targets specific muscles that maintain that body alignment, and reawakens habitually unused muscles for maximal stability. And while Jhon has a vast and intricate knowledge base, he manages to convey proper alignment and form without overwhelming you with technical language, unless you want it (then he will gladly give you an advanced anatomy lesson). 

The atmosphere at MÜV is welcoming, encourages camaraderie, and balances playfulness with professionalism. The studio space is bright, clean, and smells like peppermint. 

MÜV is definitely worth checking out for all those on the lifelong path of optimal health.
I wish that I can give this 0 Stars not only do they have an expired sign up for the candy that was 2 for $2 but my nephew wanted this little dinky toy that the guy tried to charge me 12.99 for when it was only 2.99 on the sign and on the tag but because it was ringing up as a luxury knife he would not honor the 2.99 mind you it was not a luxury knife it was only a little paw patrol squirt water toy.Oh an he didn't honor the candy price either! I asked for a manager he said he was not in. I cannot believe this guy! He was an idiot!
The ice cream is sooo good! The coffee was good as well, especially since it was free. The owner was awesome and so personable. I think once they add some music and a few more paintings on the wall, the place will have an awesome atmosphere. I will definitely return!
Left another sushi bar not far away. Had some of the best sushi ever. The chef is a master. The food is phenomenal. Had The freshest largest Uni I've ever seen. Great food both in the Hibachi grill and now at the sushi bar. I have never gone to the same restaurant twice in 1 trip. Awesome place. Don't bother going anywhere else in Vegas.
Still waiting over 10 minutes past when the order is supposed to be ready. Not impressed and not sure this is worth it
Went there again for my 6 month checkup. The dentists here are so nice and friendly and take their time to explain all that is going on with your teeth. I'd say if you want to have a no fuss dental visit, go here.
The overall rating for OdySea is sad because my husband and I really enjoyed this aquarium. My in-laws and nephew loved it too. The aquarium made for a great Saturday afternoon activity for our whole family. 

We arrived mid-morning on a Saturday and easily found free parking spots that were a short walk to the entrance. The plaza around the aquarium wasn't completely built up yet, but looked like it will be a nice area for food and shopping once completed.

At the ticket counter we had momentary sticker shock at the cost of admission per adult. It seemed really high compared to other aquariums. After exploring the aquarium the price seemed justified. OdySea is much larger inside than it looks from the outside and they have a feature that is unique from other aquariums. 

The unique exhibit is the rotating theatre. The seating area rotates to view several exhibits including a chance to ask questions of a staff member. This is the first aquarium I've experienced an exhibit like this. It's also a nice change to sit for a few minutes and relax after walking around the aquarium.

The exhibits and shows kept us busy for several hours. Even on a Saturday there was plenty of space to spread out from other guests and view the animals and information. The 3D show was a fun film and not too long. The interactive area for the kids was really nice. Our nephew liked the touch pool, the water area, and coloring.
Somehow an English pub wound up in the "slums" (I'm told) of Vegas (I live in the slums of Hollywood, which makes the neighborhood where the Crown and Anchor is look like Beverly Hills). But anyway.  I met an old friend here who is now a beer expert and he introduced me to some simply incredible stuff (Delerium Tremens and Young's Double Chocolate Stout). I'm now working on a script that's like Sideways, but it's in Vegas and the characters are beer instead of wine-obsessed.  It's a buddy pic where friend become enemies, enemies become friends. Got a compelling protagonist... an obstacle for him to overcome.
This is absolutely the best Pho I've ever eaten. Would go back simply for that, but the sesame chicken my husband ordered along with the Tom Yum soup were stellar as well. We also got the chicken egg rolls, and were not disappointed. Overall, has replaced my previous go-to pho place, hands down. And I'm looking forward to trying the Pad Thai next time we go, which will be sooner rather than later.
At the current time one should avoid this restaurant.  For some reason they are staying open during a renovation, and it is extremely noisy.  The choices on the buffet are slim pickings and at this time you are better served to take your business elsewhere.  I wish them luck and I'm sure after the renovation all will be swell.
Both my partner and I are HUGE Italian food fans, and extremely serious about our carbs. The food here was pretty great. We ordered a pizza and pasta dish to share (the pasta was, as expected, perfectly al dente, and the pizza was good too, not the standard thin crust at Pizzeria Libretto type places. 

One thing was the wine -- it was completely warm. It's really starting to bother me the number of restaurants that don't properly serve wine at the right temperature. Red wine that has been slightly chilled for a bit tastes a world different from room temperature red wine and it's important, in my opinion. Other than that, nothing mind blowing here but everything mostly done well. I'll likely come back!
This place rocks for appetizers, because they come out fast, fresh, and most importantly tasty. Spring rolls, asparagus, and falafel were so yummy...but, pass on the chick peas, too dry.  The entrees were still yummy the next morning, as I fell asleep waiting for them during dinner.  Took over 1.5 hr to get them:-(.  Service was good. If I got my entree in a timely fashion this place could've roped in 5 stars.
The best movie theatre ever! I did give it a 4 just because I really wanted to take my son after 5. However the theatre advised me minors can't go after 5. So we ended up going at 2:45pm, the issue is there is no place to seat for kids only one bench outside the theatre. I really think they should have made the section inside allowing kids as well and only keep the bar separate. We had no place to seat and eat except for a tiny bench outside in the hallway. So hopefully they will have a better system regarding the minors so that way they can also enjoy the theatre like the adults.
I used to love this place but it all got ruined when there was a spider on my chocolate covered strawberries. They basically didn't want to do anything about it. They wanted to give me a new one but not even check if the rest of them have spiders on them.
Very very good! Spaghetti and Lasagna for lunch... The lasagna with meat sauce was both bold and flavorful, the portion was well worth the price.  Spaghetti with meatball was equally delicious.  They were out of  Italian sausage or enough for a dish, so I had the meatball instead with a pleasant surprise, the little bit of sausage they did have thrown in for good measure.  The sausage wasn't grainy or fatty and wow the flavor.  We'll be back for sure and did I mention they're doing a Thanksgiving dinner, should be good!!!
I LOVE this place!!  I have been to quite a few places in Vegas and Henderson.  I recently moved from Oregon and have been looking for a clean inexpensive place and this is it!  They are always pleasant and friendly.  The foot massage that your receive is about the best I have ever had.  I highly reccomend La Femme to anyone that asks.
Here is the rest of the feedback. Continued from original review:

We'd like to reward our drivers and movers for their excellent customer service. Please tell us a bit about your moving experience with Collins-Mehling Transfer Ltd.
 
Firstly, on my moving day - in which I was leaving to drive across the country - after I'd called in a number of times to narrow down the pick up window, Mike called me back to say the truck had some mechanical problems and was in the shop and asked if we could postpone the move until the next day! I said no, as I had someone else moving into the apartment that evening, I'd cleaned it, my cat was in the car along with the items I was taking with me personally and I was ready to go! I'd been prepared based on the move date that your company gave me. Had I been given notice the day before my move date, I could have rearranged everything and waited a day but not at the zero hour. Mike agreed to have the driver transport\/hold my shipment in a rental truck until the moving truck could be fixed but gave me the impression he was not happy with the scenario. Additionally this was to add hours to the pick-up time and luckily I had a friend that was willing to take off work and wait for the movers so I could start driving. My friend reported that the movers were friendly and careful in the pick-up but that they claimed to be unaware of the expectation I had (and was typed into my quote) about reassembling my bed at delivery.
Communication during the move with Troy was fine and he was as flexible as possible about working out the delivery time around my condo's stringent time frame which I appreciated. The day before delivery I was told that I had to call the office to pay for the delivery prior to delivery - this was contrary to the promise of payment expected upon delivery. I called and was informed that the amount I was to pay was nearly $1000 MORE than the highest quote the company gave me! And that after I gave away and left behind many items included in the quote, expecting the weight and therefore cost of the move to go down, not up. 
When the shipment arrived Troy informed me that a piece of my bed had been broken in transit and that they would replace it - I was fine with that. There were a few other items slightly damaged but I accept that in a move things get damaged and it seemed that that was the position of the movers as well since, other than the bed, there was no offer to fix the other items. During delivery I checked the item numbers off the inventory list I was given as the movers called out the numbers and at the end, it seemed there was still one missing box. The movers said they counted the boxes and that we must have missed one because all of the boxes were there. I felt uneasy about that and asked Troy if it could be marked down, he said yes and that I should sign the paper which I did. Once I unpacked all of the items and crossed them off of the packing list I'd created I found out which box was in fact missing. I called Mike to let him know and he basically told me too bad since I signed the paper stating all items were there. I further explained the situation and how I had not been confident that they were but I was told I had to sign so I did. He stood by the position that it was my fault for signing if the box was missing while giving me the impression that he did not believe me.
I contacted the mover Troy a number of times to find out when the bed would be dealt with. He told me that he'd get the piece and send a friend of his named Red to deliver it. I asked if Red would also put the bed together and he said if he could he probably would and that I could ask. Aside from the fact that the assembly of the bed was a deciding factor in my choosing this company to move me, Red was a FRIEND of the mover - not a bonded employee - that I was to have in my home. Finally Red did bring the piece and reassemble the bed. I then - weeks after delivery - received a text message from Troy that he'd found my missing box and would get it to me. Weeks later, ANOTHER friend of his came to drop it off. 
Moving is stressful enough as it is. In choosing one of the best companies available - not one of the cheapest - my expectations were for as smooth a move as possible. Contrarily, I found it to be the most stressful move I'd ever had and was charged much more than quoted for all of the inconveniences. I am disgusted and it's been so stressful that it has taken me this long to sit down and send feedback. Now that I've typed it out, I will also be filing a report with the BBB about my experience as well as copying the details into a blog to warn others against using your company unless the funds I paid above the quoted amount are refunded to me.
My wife and I love coming here for special occasions. The food is always over the top especially the special pasta you can order - they make it table side in a wheel of cheese. Great presentation and delicious. If your tell them you are there for a special occasion they will custom print menus for you - very cool. Yes, it is expensive, but in my opinion well worth it.
I'm a big fan of laughing. I think it is listed in my profile as one of my top fav things! As soon as I'm done writing this review I'm going to check that laughing is listed cus it really is the best. 
I had heard so so so much about how great Second City is and when their new show got a good rating a had to check it out. 
I showed up 15 minutes before their show "0% down, 100% screwed" was said to start. It was sold out. I knew the show was good and all but I thought I'd be able to still grab tickets! GET TICKETS BEFORE HAND! CALL! I have now learnt my lesson.
Anyways! The staff at the ticket box where helpful and kind, and got me on a stand by waiting list. Lucky some people didn't show up (a horrible mistake on their part, but awesome luck for me), and I was able to get in and only miss the first couple minutes of the show.
DO NOT THINK THAT YOU CAN BE AS LUCKY AS ME. GET TICKETS OR RESERVE THEM. 
Trust me. 
Other things you should trust?
 - The wait staff is great!
 - The pictures all over the hallway walls of past actors are great!
 - The washrooms are pretty clean and thus great!
 - There are also FREE improv shows that are so great!
It is all great. Just go. Now.
Sigh. They brought in a different groomer and my experience was the complete opposite of the last two times. My dog looks ridiculous.
I have been tanning for years and found Dom a few months ago. I can tell you I will never go anywhere else. She is my tanning person forever.
Cochinito pibil is phenomenal. Melt in your mouth pork. Very, very flavorful. It also comes with a marinated onions, salsa, and savory (smashed) potatoes. I was skeptical at first, but it blew my nomnomnom mind at first bite. Wow... Some of the best Mexican food I've had.
Mike is fantastic. Has saved the day multiple times as my iPad is also my baby monitor. He can fix anything!
After my car was totaled on 12\/23, I made a reservation so I could drive one of the vehicles I was considering to replace my car. Then I learned that if I wanted Progressive to pay for it, they should do the arranging for me. Dan realized I had already made a reservation and helped me get the car I wanted, and Andrew helped me trade it in for another model so I could try two vehicles. They made the whole process very simple and were kind and friendly at a trying time. I also am very impressed by how much they can accomplish in the tiniest space.
El' Patron's sits directly on the corner as you turn into Walmart.  It's restaurant has me completely ADDICTED.  Service is wonderful, and they are super polite!  Now, on to the delicious food!  Everything is completely authentic.  I love the music, as it sets the atmosphere for a great Mexican experience.  Next they bring out the yummy salsa and chips!  I always try something different each time we go.  So far everything that I've tried have been TOP OF THE LINE, superb! They say not to ever go food shopping on a empty stomach...so stop past El' Patron's for a reasonably priced authentic Mexican dish before heading over to Walmart.  You will NOT be disappointed!
Went there on June 2012, and this horrible dinner is still seared in my mind & it was so disappointing because I planned our entire anniversary trip around this dinner. The most ahhhmazing part was when the car rolled up to the villa and the gates parted and than you are ushered into this plush, decadent restaurant. I should have known something was up since it was so easy to get reservation. We ordered the Menu A $250 per person. It was so bad that after the third course, my BF said he had enough and wanted to go eat something that's edible, but being Chinese I insisted we trudge on through as to not let food go to waste. The alcohol drink we ordered was nasty too. 

Short Review: Save your money, don't go here! Unremarkable food, paired with bad service. 

Long Review:
Here's what we ordered:

1A) Green Asparagus...What a joke, anybody could have made it, no creativity to it.
1B) Spiced Lobster...My fave dish that night, but I'm partial to lobster.

2A) Green Pea Cream Soup...Good, but not memorable.
2B) Light Daikon soup...Good, but not memorable. 

3A) Pan Fried Sea Bass...Fish was fresh, but not memorable. (A running theme of Robuchon.)
3B) Grilled Spiny Lobster...Came out cold. I asked the Waiter, if this is normal, he said he will check with the kitchen and redo it. When he came back with the new dish, he made a jeering remark to the gist of, "Next time, don't take so long to take photos." WTF? Taking a couple of shots is not long enough to turn a dish cold.

Than came the longest wait in the world for the fourth course. WE WAITED ALMOST AN HOUR FOR THE NEXT COURSE. Nobody came to apologize. There is no way that they didn't know about this because an integral part of fine dining is the timing of the dishes of when they are served. 
 
4A) Roasted duck...Okay.
4B) Beef cheeks...It was very tender, but the sauce was average. 

The Mashed Potatoes. It was ahhhmazing. If this was the only course served, than Joel deserves 5 stars. Just give me a bucket of this and I am a happy camper.  

5) Instead of Cheese Course we requested a substitute and they gave us the Risotto of Soybeans Sprouts. It was so salty...inedible. At that time, I was too afraid to say anything, lest I get another reprimand from the waiter. The waiter didn't even bother asking why we didn't finish the course. 

6A) La Fraise: Nasty tasting, served in a tacky serve ware. 
6B) Le Chocolat: Also nasty, and tacky looking, why is there peacock feathers surrounding it?

Than while we are eating our desserts, strangely they appeared with a cake, say happy anniversary, than walked off. Nice gesture, but the entire event was strange.  They will serve you a slice and the rest of the cake is thrown away. What a waste.

At the end of the meal, they roll out this beautiful dessert cart and tell you choose whatever mignardises you want. However, you are not allowed to take any of it to go. Huh? What kind of policy is this, I never had happened to me at a fine dining establishment. By that time, after this long drawn ordeal, I'm tired, my BF pissed. I randomly chose a few to try, but still you wouldn't want to take these home, even if you could. 

Verdict: Save your time and money and go splurge elsewhere.
One of my top two favorite places to watch live music  in Charlotte (Double Door Inn is my other)!  Located in NoDa this place has a great sound system with no bad seat in the house.  Go when the doors open to reserve a seat, then go grab a cocktail and explore NoDa (The Dog Bar and Cabo Fish Taco are two other favorites in the area)!  Prefer to stand?!?  Plenty of room for that up front so you can be up close and personal...and dance!  Neighborhood Theatre also upgraded their bar area- now serving all kinds of beers, licquor, etc.  Cheers...see you at a show!
This is one of Scottsdale's hidden gems - all wine drinkers need to stop in. Tom (the owner) has a fantastic selection of wine - and he marks them up fractions compared to other wine shops. He's extremely knowledgeable and can recommend the perfect bottle of wine for your tastes. If you're looking for a particular bottle that he doesn't sell, he can easily get it in for you, too. 

Cheers!
I have been meaning to post a review for a while. Hands down, the best Thai\/Laotian\/Vietnamese food around! I try and come here whenever I find myself remotely close to this side of Madison and I am never disappointed! 
My personal favorite appetizer is the spring rolls with pork and shrimp. Make sure you put the hoisin sauce on them--sooooo delicious! My favorite entree is the squash curry with chicken. I fall in love all over again with acorn squash every time! I almost always choose the soup with mine. I can never remember what it is called but it is wonderful. It has mushrooms, tofu (the only time I ever eat tofu), and cilantro in it. Weird combo, I know but so, so, so good! 
My husband and kids love the dumplings and my four year old is obsessed with the cucumber salad. 
They are usually very busy but the food is so worth it!
Ginko is the best sushi in Cleveland - hands down. 

My husband and I have gone to Ginko at least 30-40 times (no joke - we are addicts) in the last 2 years and have had a consistently amazing meal each and every single time. We also frequently get it as take out (we have an problem)

Ginko sushi is incredible. The fish is amazing and completely fresh. I have not had the luxury of trying the chefs specials but they look amazing. The Truffled Miso soup is unbelievable. They have an ever-changing appetizer menu but they are all excellent. 

If you are out of work in time for happy hour - I highly recommend their spicy tuna and vegetable tempura rolls. Wine selection and cocktails are always excellent. Their staff are also incredible - especially Quentin who goes above and beyond everytime we are there (which is a lot) to make sure that we have nice experience. He is incredible and tries his best always to make sure that you have a great dinner. 

GO! You will not regret it :)

L&R
There are two playgrounds, one for toddlers and one for older kids. The younger one is completely enclosed and has two access gates so you don't have to worry about your children running into the street or out of sight. Two large covered pavillions with 4 cement picnic tables underneath. There is a waterpark too that is in between the pavillions. There's also basketball courts, tennis courts, two large soccer fields and two large baseball diamonds. There's even a place to play horseshoes! It is dog friendly and there is plenty of room. The only downside is how crowded it is on Saturdays. Lots of soccer leagues play here.
Once in awhile, you'll find yourself strolling along the hallways of some sub par shopping mall in some out of the way place like Jane and Finch or Peterborough and out of the corner of your eye you'll spot quite an attractive looking "boho chic" type flowy tunic blouse or one of those "shabby chic" poncho type sweater things that hangs down over one shoulder.

You will then notice the article of clothing is surrounded by tacky 80's style neon "hipster" wear and also gangster style clothing labelled Exco. You are passing a Stitches.

It looks like their buyer happened to accidentally buy a cheap, poorly made shirt that happens to actually look fantastic.

This same thing happened to me earlier this evening whilst strolling up Yonge St. from Davisville to Eglinton. After passing a store called "Spoiled Baby" and about 5 Starbucks locations, I saw in the window of a random shop, a lovely tunic sweater. The kind you might see at Anthropologie or Liv by Au Lit on Eglinton. The kind of sweater you would probably see worn by a 17 year old girl carrying a $1300 Louis Vuitton bag who is hanging around at dusk on a bench with her friends on "The Eglinton Way" before being picked up by her dad in his BMW .

Then I noticed the price tag displayed prominently around the neck of the garnment. $29.99.

THIS IS AN ODD PLACE FOR AN URBAN PLANET! I thought to myself before looking up to see a lovely little boutique named "The Embellished Room".


I entered the store, and realized that this place was completely filled up with those cheap rare shabby chic gems that looked like they had been handpicked from those depressing low end mall stores filled with girls that look like Snooki and smell like the shoe section at Zellers.

It was like someone had already done the dirty work for me.

Nothing in this store is over $30. You can walk in feeling like a real uptown gal knowing you can afford anything you feel like in this wonderful establishment.

MONEY IS NO OBJECT HERE!


Also, the shopkeeper is a kindly East Indian man who is very helpful without being pushy. I noticed a slight defect in the knitting of my new sweater, and he knocked $10 off the price!

I then continued along my way, met my boyfriend at What-A-Bagel and enjoyed a lovely Lox and Cream cheese dinner.
I had nothing but problems with this company. People going on vacation, not following up and just totally inept. I would send in the requested paperwork, call to follow up and they still could not get it right. Do not I repeat do not use this company.
Had a great waitress named Ashley. She recommended menu items and talked my friend into a drink that he stated was extremely refreshing that he never would have ordered. 

Unfortunately, thing crashed quickly to mediocre when the food came. It was good, but nothing special for sure. 

Way over priced for what you get (every thing is a-la-carte). Come only to say you have been there and then never look back.
We met friends from Indy in Cleveland for a weekend. We stayed at the Hyatt and the Chocolate Bar was right there with an outside seating area. The weather was perfect to sit outside and have cocktails. The service was the best we had received in Cleveland. (We must be use to a faster service time standard.) The girls who served us Thursday night were very warm and friendly. Katelyn was one but there were a few others that stopped by throughout the evening. Delish desserts and cocktails. The martinis - Chocolate Mint and Chocolate Macaroon - were SO good. First time having Chocolate martinis. I wanted more the next night, but it was chilly. The hot chocolates we had were tasty but I'm not so sure about the alcohol. 
Desserts were Snickbocher, Turtle Cheesecake, Oreo Mud, Belgium Chocolate Mouse and Triple Chocolate Fusion. (over two nights, don't judge ;) )  All desserts score high on the deliciousness scale with the exception of the Turtle Cheesecake. Skip it and go with something else.
5 stars for the fish and the chips. Fresh tasting fish in just enough batter with crisp, creamy fries. No pools of grease (not that I could see or taste, anyway...). It was all totally soggy by the time we got it home (10 minutes) but we solved this with a few minutes on a cookie sheet in the oven. We might have used these few minutes to make our own tartar sauce to replace the Wings packets that it came with. Despite the bad tartar sauce, it's still the best fish and chips I've had in Toronto.
If I could put zero stars that for the dealership would be getting, I just moved to Pittsburgh from Austin Texas, and ive waiting for a phone call from them for almost three weeks now all they had to do was write me an estimate for glass repairs, I drive to a baby shop close by and got the estimate done in 5 minutes, it's just crazy. On one ovation I talked to 8 people and over two hours worth of being passed around to different people on the phone! When I finally had a day off and was able to go to the shop, standing no more than 5 feet from my car the manager couldn't look at my car with out an appointment, even with no one waiting for him......Very rude people and a HUGE waste of time, even my insurance claims adjuster told me they where the worst shop she had ever had to work with. They might work better for you if you buy a car from them, but put of state move ins they obviously didn't want to help!
Love getting my car washed here. They are fast (for how crowded it usually is) and my car looks great. Basic washes are reasonably priced so I should definitely come more often! The car wash sales guys use way too much pressure to up-sell. I told you what I want, just give me that! They got me on a detailing package once (after working through 3 higher level packages I told him were not in my budget and he just kept going). The detailing did seem like a good deal and I didn't want it just then, but I was able to save it to use another time. When I finally did go back to use it, they quoted I think four hours and it was actually a little under! The only issue there was the car looked incredible, but the glass over my odometer was dirty and spotty...from the other reviews it sounds like they need to notice those little details! 

My good review is mostly because of my last experience. I went in over the weekend to get my oil changed with a coupon I had received in the mail, $25 and it includes a wash...perfect! On a Saturday morning, I was able to get right in and the tech was very helpful. They checked over everything to make their "recommendations" while I was still in the car filling out paperwork. I'm so over the Jiffy Lubes who make it sound like my car is about to fall apart and tell me I need every add-on imaginable and knowing Cobblestone already kind of upsells, I was expecting it, but he was very honest telling me everything looked good (even the air filter, it's always the air filter), which is awesome considering it had been nine months since my last change and I'd just rolled past 100k miles. He did suggest a transmission flush, which is not a cheap service when I'm just expecting a discounted oil change and wash, but there was no pressure to do it, he just marked it down as a recommendation (and I went home and had the boyfriend check it and tell me it's good for a while longer). The tech pointed out that my coupon was actually expired but that they may still take it. I mentioned it to the cashier and he did accept it and my car was back out from the wash very quickly. I'm quite happy with the service.
Crepe Bar is fantastic! Great people, great food, great service AND world-class coffee to boot.

My sister and I had the breakfast burro and the smoked turkey and both were delicious savory crepes. We also had complimentary little snacks and desert which were very well done. The presentation on the entrees, snacks and coffee were exceptional.

Now to the coffee! The good folks at Crepe Bar have brought some of the best coffee in the world from the Pacific Northwest to our home in the desert! I've had about 4-5 different offerings of Heart Coffee Roasters here and it never disappoints.

Crepe Bar is undoubtedly one of my new favorite places to dine in AZ.
My family and I always come here for lunch and dinner. Their dishes are delicious and with a reasonable price. This place is also really tidy and clean which I think it's really important for a restaurant. I recommend their noodles lunch menu, you get to pick your booth, type of noodles and toppings, they come in large bowl so it's totally worth it! I don't really have anything to recommend for dinner dish because all their dishes are great, baked pork with fried rice in a bread bowl is fantastic!
I've been to Macy's countless times and have had mixed reviews, depending on the department I'm in and who helps me. This review is specifically for my experience last night while shopping for a suit for my wedding. 

My fiancee and I showed up around 8pm, about an hour from closing. She was determined that I leave with a suit since we're getting married in a couple of weeks. The selections were decent, but I was targeting a dark grey color, slim fit, but not too fitting.

I finally found the suit I wanted, but naturally, the size of the pants I needed wasn't available. Heather walked by and offered her help and looked up that they have 2 of the pants in my size in stock. They weren't in the rack in front of us, so she took the time to look in the stock room. Brian measured me and actually made me realize the jacket I was wearing wasn't even the size I thought it was. Heather came back with bad news: she couldn't find the pants in the stock room. Brian disappeared and came back in a couple of minutes--he found the pants on the dock. Not yet processed into the system. Go figure! This saved us having to order it online and waiting 5-7 days for it to arrive.

The lights were shutting off and we were getting kicked out, but Heather and Brian really helped us out last night. Easily the best customer service we received at Macy's. Thanks for taking the time to take care of us.
I hired Retro Pro to remodel my guest bathroom after interviewing 4 companies. Their pricing was similar to 2 others, but not the lowest. From the first contact through the final walk-through, Angela and Eric were extremely professional and easy to work with. Nestor did exceptional work, kept me informed of progress and what to expect, and even perfectly matched the wall texture in the adjoining den. They started my project when they said they would, finished in less time than expected, and kept on-budget, which was remarkable considering it was the original bathroom for our 1950s house. I love my new guest bathroom and I highly recommend Retro Pro. They will certainly get any of our future remodeling business.
Awesome customer service, great location, and took his time, &,didn't feel rushed.  Thank you Danny looking forward to seeing you in 2 weeks!!
Love Texas Roadhouse.  The service is great.  The hostess staff is always very friendly.  The call ahead seating is a great feature to cut down the wait time.  Great value for the food.
Food was extremely delicious! We definitely recommend it!!! My husband had the volcano molcajete, well let's just say I couldn't keep my hands off it ( the molcajete ) lol! We also had piña loca, pasta brava, shrimp empanadas.
So I hat to do this because I've been coming here for 2 years but here we go.
The time before this recent visit was awful. I walked in for a pedi and mani and the only tech available was Catherine. No big deal, I'm not someone who has to have my nails done by a specific tech. I get in the chair for the pedi first and she's finishing up another womans feet so I have to wait a little. Again no big deal. I ended up waiting for 10 mins. Now to me that's not a little...but whatever. Pedi cure was good but took way longer than it's supposed to....
Mani is next. She helps me over to her station and starts working on my nails, not very talkative or friendly. She burns my cuticle with a nail polish remover then gets THE SAME CUTICLE with the nail file. Wtf?! I pull my hand back and say that it kinda hurt and she sheepishly apologized. OK.....The mani is not even half done and she ASKS THAT I PAY. I have never had someone ask me mid manicure that I pay. AND THAT'S NOT EVEN THE WORST PART. She then gets irritated that I didn't understand her accent. Ok for that I am genuinly sorry. But she YELLED AT ME because I didn't understand IN FRONT OF ANOTHER CUSTOMER!?!?!? WHO DOES THAT?!!?!? The paint from this mani chipped in less than a week. I was so embarrassed that I didn't return for a while. 
I finally did return sometime last week in hopes it would be better. Spoiler alert: it wasn't...
I walk in again looking for just a mani. Linh take me immediately to a work station then decides she wants to take me to another work station. ok.... She starts working on my nails and I had an odd request for no color, since I was going to paint them myself for Easter. Not a word is spoken to me, no eye contact, not even like small talk. Now I feel like maybe I did something. She finally finishes and I pay. $17 for a mani with no paint.... I'm not looking for a discount but...I feel like maybe $17 was a bit steep....ANYWAY I tipped her $7 and left.
I'm sure the shop doesn't check their yelp and will not reach out to me, but it's all good.
I'm not going back anyway..
I do not recommend eating that food last time I did I had to poop very very bad please stay away from the breakfast burritos they will ruin the rest your day right after breakfast. I don't recommend eating fast food it all and if you're fat you need to stop eating fast food.
The food was great and I would say reasonably priced. The service was exceptional. Our waitress was talkative but not overbearing and knew the menu inside and out. The dishes she suggested were delicious and although I like to try as much of the menu as possible I think I've found a new favorite and go to dish. I would have given this restaurant four stars because they don't seen to take reservations but the food and affable employees make dinning there worth the wait.
Stayed here after a late flight into T.O.  For a one night stay business or travel, I am looking for clean, safe and comfortable.  This HI had friendly staff, well-appointed new rooms (the whole place is new-didn't exist when I used to live in the area) and the breakfast was way better than average (hot buffet- eggs, sausages) for the price I paid.  Free Newspaper and news tv for Breakfast. It was a few minutes up from the airport but well worth it.  Everything worked fine and the staff were in good spirits despite the terrific snowstorm we were in.  I would definitely stay here again.
Very contemporary but family friendly hotel. We are owners and were happy Elara opened more center strip. The window shade doubling as a screen was a fantastic way to watch theatre style television. Well-appointed kitchen. Nice lobby bar and 24 hour Starbucks. Connected to the Miracle Mile Shops and restaurants and Planet Hollywood, you never have to go outside!
The staff is friendly and the Dr. goes through your preliminary x-rays with you to let you know your problem and how they'll fix it. For long term fixes they do offer payment plans which is really helpful as well.
Great cozy neighborhood feel! Adore the re-use of stacked wooden pallets as benches all around. This park is got it goin on! Ping pong tables. A stage for local bands and singer\/songwriters to preform. Small tables and chairs for viewing pleasure. There was free swing dance lessons going on one of the nights we were there. And the grassy hill for blankets, people lounging, stone waterways that makes a stream from the top to the bottom of the slight incline. Flanked on two sides with two of the busiest streets in Montreal, this is where we spent several of our nights winding down after dinner.
If you enjoy Oktoberfest everyday, this would be one place you need to go for that.

Thanks to our awesome tour guide Susan R., she introduced us to this place when we vacationed here in Vegas at the holidays. I think we asked what unique part of Vegas in that we the tourists don't know about. This was one of the place she suggested that was slightly off the strip.

To the drivers, you will need to be a little bit more careful as one portion of the street is an one way street in front of the parking lot. There are no issues with parking at this facility, but will have some anger management issues as the space to back up is very narrow. Avoid these clowns with some patience when you are trying to back out.

On a cool Monday night, it was very festive as we were seeing live performances of a cool Oktoberfest band dancing and singing. Like all German beerfest, they seemed to like long tables with picnic bench seats as a way to dine. The restaurant like a big cafeteria with benches in a conference hall. They have a very high ceiling where I can imagine a circus performing here on an off day.

To start off, we have one of their big pretzel special we had to try according to our waiter. He suggested this as they don't have this special often. The pretzel was huge and the three of us almost didn't finished that off. Lovely soft tender thing with the right dip tasted better than your Auntie Anne's soft pretzel.

I think I ordered the Nrnberger Rostbratwrstl which was a three roasted Pork Sausages with sauerkraut and Mashed Potatoes  Believe me when I say that with a mug of beer, this thing would totally blew you away. These delicious suckas are roasted to succulent tease that can melt in your tongue.

Of course I had to weasel out by ordering root beer as I was already plastered earlier in the day with plenty of vodka drinks at the casinos.

Oh, please don't be a wuss by ordering burgers. You came all the way to this place and you knew this is a German sausage house and yet you still want to order burgers? Shame on you!

For the veggie lovers out there, they don't want to leave you out because they offering soups and salads to keep you from your meat eating significant others enjoying some good food. They want to make sure everybody is happy here.

The place is so happening, they decided that restaurant was not good enough so they add in a gift shop right in front of the entrance. Very clever of them to extract more money from you on the way out.

A real fun time that is better than Medieval Times or a Ninja sake tasting at a wine garden. Give this place so love as they also have a kids menu to bring your whole family to enjoy this unique experience.

It may not be the same beerfest as in Germany, but it come very close with their offerings and performances. The only thing I wish they had was having Helga bring the beers to us. 

Oh that would have been so sweet!

Quality: *****
Decor: ****
Service:****
Amenity: ****
Ambiance: ***
Finally an honest repair shop! Both my boyfriend and I brought our cars in for a second opinion on seperate issues we were having and Mike assured us we didn't need to make the repairs we were told. He is very helpful and clearly not out to rip you off. The location is out of my way, but I will happily make the drive to have trustworthy people work on my car! They have all my business from now on.
RIP OFF!!!
I had a horrible experience with these clowns.  Went in to get a power steering pump replaced, and was soon called back because my part was "defective".  

I was told it was the part, then it wasn't the part it was the rack, then it was the part AND the rack.  With a $218 bill for a car that still didn't work, I argued until I was blue in the face and got off without having to pay.  They guaranteed me that it would cost around $1500 to get a new rack and pump installed

LONG story very short:
After going to a REAL mechanic, I learned the reservoir for the power steering fluid was clogged. $15 part.  I guess they were only off by about   $1485 DOLLARS!!!!

What a bunch of con artists. DO NOT GO HERE!!!
never bad here.  the fried pickle chips are the best you will find.  the wings are cooked to perfection.  if you just want drums, they will do it for no upcharge.  even the blue cheese is better than normal.
Yikes. I feel bad because they must be struggling, but that does not excuse poorly cooked food, an awful salad and side bar and gross goop on their tables to ruin shirts while you're eating..leading you to peel off your shirt while trying to keep your appetite. Instead we voluntarily stopped eating despite not being full and left. The owner said, "don't worry, if you wash it it will come off your shirt okay?"....sure.  But the guy slicing the meat for us was very nice.
Well done!!!  The entire team did an outstanding job, as promised.  The initial on-site consultation with Ashley was perfect.  She took the time to outstand our vision and translated that into their recommended solution.  The CAD\/design team worked hand in hand with us on the layout of our door design and was able to accommodate our unique requests.  And lastly, the installation team (Mike and Nathan) did a superb job.  They were very clean, efficient, and thorough.  We have and will continue to recommend First Impression to all of our neighbors and friends.
This is by far the best pool company ever!!! Our pool is amazing and was done in three weeks once the permit was issued!! They stick to the schedule and are on top of everything!!! Everyone from the sales men to the people in the office make you feel comfortable and secure in picking them. A pool is a investment do it right the first time pick Dolphin Pools you and your family won't be sorry!
My girlfriend bought me a $25 gift card just for kicks and so after months of having it we decided to use it for to go.

The parking lot sucks as its shared with an auto shop place so they have a bunch of cars there. We enter in and it's quiet, but then again idk how busy it does get on a Thursday afternoon. We waited about 5 mins before a server acknowledged us. But she said she was the only working right now, so I bypassed it.

We ordered our food and it took 20 mins for it to come out. 

We leave and get home to enjoy our meal and to my dismay I took a bite into my buffalo chicken sandwich and was consumed by this weird taste. Idk if you've ever smelled bad raw chicken, but it tasted like it. I had to stop eating it cause I wasn't going to take my chances. The only good things they offered was their curly fries, cheese sticks and fried pickles. Pretty disappointed.

2 stars went to the nice waitress and decent appetizers.
Mmmmmm... All I can say its better than a burger and their ingredients are always fresh. They have a $10 coupon when you order through grubhub however there seems to always be a problem where they can never take the full $10 off. the guy was nice enough to give a free drink in place where the pizza is worth any hassle.
Just catered dinner for 16 using the family servings of chicken piccata, Caesar salad, broccoli, and rice. Absolutely delicious and served to nothing but rave reviews! Great food. Great people. Oh! And the tiramisu was fantastic!!!!
My new favorite restaurant!  The chicken soup, the shish kabobs were and the shish tawook platters were amazing!
We just ate there today at about 5pm, and it wasn't extraordinarily busy.  It was my second time there; my wife's first. I'm a Mongolian fan; I've eaten at probably 20 different Mongolian places around the country. The food was OK. Not bad, not great. The biggest miss to me was not having any shrimp available at all. The other thing that I didn't like was that all the meat was frozen. This is a nice trick to save money - if the meats are all frozen, you can't put as much into your bowl, so they save money. As a result, I left still hungry. And, compared to other Mongolian places I've eaten at, this isn't cheap. I think it was $13 each just for the food. We spent $41 for two people, including the tip, and just drank Coke. The atmosphere was OK; it's a nice place, but my wife like's Flat Top's atmosphere better. (We've eaten there too, and the thing that I don't like about THAT place is that you don't make your own bowl [so you don't get much meat] - which is why I like Mongolian in the first place). The service at HuHot was fine, the food was cooked well. We'll probably go back some day, but it's not at the top of my list. Unfortunately, neither of Madison's two Mongolian places are even in the top half of my Mongolian restaurant experiences.
I work a couple of blocks away from Uncle Joe's Pizza, and I've heard that their Philly Steak sandwich is pretty good. My regular go-to place for lunch had a 20 minute wait, so I decided to checkout this little mom-and-pop hole in the wall. 

I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak with a side of crinkle fries and a soda for $9.99. It took about 10 to 15 minutes to get my food. And while I was waiting, I was admiring the atmosphere of the small restaurant. It seems that writing on the walls is encouraged. This place reminded me of a small pizza joint you'd find in NY City. 

When the food came, I was NOT disappointed in the shear amount of goodness on my plate. They are definitely giving with the portion sizes! The Philly was hot and juicy, and the bread was soft. There was a good ratio of meat (mixed with onions, peppers, and mushrooms) to bread. The entire sandwich could be split between two people for lunch. 

Will I be back?... Most definitely!
Food's good but the staff is very unprofessional .   First, I ordered online and wanted it ready by 6:00.  I got there  at 5:30 and my order was just sitting there so they probably made it at 4:00, when I ordered  it.  Second,  when I picked it up they said it was paid for, of course it was I ordered  online.  One of the workers then said  the tip was not included and actually asked me if I wanted to leave a tip and started to laugh.  Then several of the workers all looked at me so I took my bag and left.  I felt very uncomfortable  I will never return.
Purchased irrigation system, trees, shrubs, and electrical\/gas lines.   Everything was perfect.
Lucy was very knowledgeable in the shrub\/tree selection process and Rod and crew did a great job planting and trenching.  I had quoted the same items with Moon Valley and Sun Valley was significantly more economical.
I highly recommend Sun Valley Nursery.
Jim N
Peoria
Had to wait in a line out the door it was seriously worth it tho, the donut was so f#cking good. The dude that was picking out my donuts for me was annoying as shit tho. Like having fun in the work place is tight but this guy was just plain annoying. Anyway I'll be back super yummy! The hype is real!
Friendly atmosphere and very good service. But the Reuben sandwich didn't have very much meat, a disappointment since the other ingredients were plentiful.
Good location to stop for a quick bite and coffee. Cold brew in a bottle was nice and smooth, not the best cold brew in the world but not the worst. My latte milk was a little bit burnt but I chalk that up to the barista in training.
I guess the only bad thing I could say about this place is that it is not closer to my house. The staff truly cares for every customer, not just the regulars. Both locations are very consistent. Food is always great. Best misters in town. And the choice of salsa is like no other. I met the owner a couple times and he took every word from my mouth to heart. I highly recommend this place.
This upscale establishment conveniently located at the corner of West 6th and St Claire has an outstanding selection of seafood dishes, but the portions could be a bit larger, at least for my appetite. Aside from that, the service was alert and attentive and the food quality was fantastic. I had thr seared ahi tuna and a glass of San Gioenovese, which paired rather well. I will definitley return to try another selection!
We flew into Vegas to enjoy a great concert held at the Sunset Station in Henderson.  The hotel was wonderful. Service for the most part was great.  But let this be a BiG warning.  If you have not rented your own vehicle and are depending uon taxi service from the airport and back...
I took my younger sister in to get her eyebrows threaded for the first time. She was slightly nervous, and the lady who did her eyebrows didn't help the matter. She was incredibly rude, and yelled at my sister if she squirmed when the thread was pulled. She did a so-so job on actually threading her brows - but I still had to take a tweezer to them when I we got home that day. 

The experience itself was not enjoyable, but then when we went to check out the visit got worse. They have advertised on their door "$5 for under 16" but when the lady asked for her age, it didn't matter. They still charged us the full $10 price because my underage sister didn't have an ID. NO ONE UNDER THE AGE OF 16 HAS AN ID. 

The service was horrible and they were shady in their charging practices. We will not be going again. STAY AWAY!
I have consistently great service experiences here and haven't chosen to go to an auto service chain for my VW as a result. I'm deducting a star for the shrinking hours (anyone remember when this place was open until 9pm-ish on weekdays?), but the people are always friendly and helpful and treat me (with my GTI under warranty) no differently than when I paid out of pocked for my previous VW (Rabbit). They've even thrown in a complimentary car wash a few times. 4 stars!
We came here on a friends recommendation for a nice happy hour meeting location. Enjoyed our appetizers and drinks while sitting on the patio. Service was excellent.
The Nevada State Museum puts me in a nerdy State of Mind. I am a fan of museums because they are educational and inspiring.

  After a rough week where drama and the Mount Charleston hiking trails that I go to to escape stress in the summer were on fire; I had to get away. On Saturday my get away was the Nevada State Museum.

  The Nevada State Museum is the northernmost building of the Springs Preserve complex. It is bordered by museums and the parkland of the Springs Preserve. It is one of the six Nevada State Museums that include the Southern Nevada Railroad Museum in Boulder City and Lost City Museum in Overton. This museum is relatively small yet what it lacks in size it makes up for in quality. The best way to describe the layout is to compare it to a rectangle. The vertical line in the center is the primary corridor from the entrance to the balcony overlooking the Springs Preserve. To the right of the line is the changing exhibits and the left is the permanent exhibit a.k.a. main area. This review pertains to the permanent exhibit. Touring it at a casual pace, took me from 11:00 AM to 12:36 PM. For the record, the lighting ranges from slightly dim to moderate under a black ceiling. If you are travelling a distance to visit this museum, I suggest combining it with a hike in the Springs Preserve, which is free (unless it is over 110 degrees). This review discusses the sections in the permanent exhibit moving clockwise, as I toured them.

Entry Portal:

  The first thing I saw when I walked in the permanent exhibits room was Christopher the Colombian Mammoth. This is a dinosaur skeleton that is a familiar display in many museums. He coexists with a Shasta ground sloth and Pacific horse fossil. 

The Land:

  Being a hiker I appreciated this area. I learned more about the fauna and mammals that I see and never want to see on Southern Nevada hiking trails. There was a video on geology. There was a menagerie of stuffed animals with cool facts such as the coyote population grew in the west when their enemies the bear and wolves died down. I learned cool facts about the temperature that included the hottest Nevada temp hitting 125 degrees in Laughlin in 1994 to the record low Nevada temperature of minus 50 in San Jacinto in 1937.

Early Days:

  This exhibit covers Nevada's mining days, the railways, and boom town era. The most popular exhibit is where people press on what looks like handle bars to control a boom town railroad. There is neat displays dedicated to Hoover Dam, the Federal Government, and the Test Site.

People:

  This exhibit really brought out the nerdy side of me. I enjoyed learning that Nevada became a state carved out of Utah Territory in 1861 because of President Lincoln's political needs not because of mining. All the facts I want to pass on will put me over the 5,001 character limit.

Viva Las Vegas:

  This is a neat exhibit that showcases casino memorabilia, antique slot machines, show costumes, historic photos, and Las Vegas exhibits. Howard Hughs gets a lot of mention here. Being a geography nerd, I was really into the aerial 1950 map that showed a Vegas where Boulder Highway is a rural road, freeways are sand, and the Strip of today is mostly open space.

The Exit:

  I walked out of the Nevada State Museum a smarter man than when I came in. If exhibits could take my mind off drama and keep me focused, the museum is doing something right. In all honesty I have learned more about history, science, and art at museums than I learned in school. In a City that encourages people to stand up and be proud of who you are, the Nevada State Museum makes me stand up and be proud of being a museum nerd.

The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 96.
I've tried other poke places since they started popping up in Toronto. I never fully got hooked on any of the places I went to...until now. 

After trying this place I crave their bowls. I find them well balanced and not skimpy on the fish. They offer a lot of different flavours \/ options of meat. They offer vegetarian options too. 

The pros:
-well priced
-lots of variety from savoury foods to dessert
-quick service and doesn't take a long time to get your food
-quality toppings 
-good flexibility\/variety of accommodating different people's dietary needs
-very filling 
-variety in sizes 

The only con I can say is their location being too small as well as the difficulty of getting there unless you are heading into Kensington market.
I don't know much about Mexican food. But the fish tacos came in a soft wrap. Not sure how I was supposed to eat it. Service was pretty good. Avoid sitting at the bar closest to the kitchen, it gets really hot.
The food is good here. The pita bread and Feta cheese are the best in town. Parking and entering the lot is a bit tricky at times, especially around rush hour. The funny thing is they have some of the best french fries in town. Who knew? All the food is tasty though. They have Gyros, Pizza, a great Chicken Picada Salad-yum. (And BTW, their house dressing is to die for!)  The place itself is kind of divey and small but the food is not. Enjoy!
I selected Almeida because of how competitive their bid was, the positive yelp reviews, and they had a good general construction company to partner with for some extensive fascia work that we also wanted to do in combination with the tile roof replacement.  It was a big job and they did phenomenal work!  Julian, the foreman, treated and talked about our roof like it was his own.  They even cleaned up after the crew that had come in before to do the fascia and other construction.  The new roof looks great and our leaks are all gone.  I will definitely be using Almeida in the future!
This is not my first visit to Grape Street, however it is as a local ! I have been visiting Las Vegas for years before moving here, and this restaurant consistently gives good service and good food !
DO NOT TRUST THIS DEALERSHIP. My husband just spend hundreds of dollars to fly down and buy a car - phoning them MULTIPLE times including getting a call to confirm that he was ten minutes away - only to have to car sold out from under him as he was walking in the door. The salesmanship of this dealer is deplorable! And customer satisfaction must mean nothing to them. Thanks for wasting our time, $600+ in flights just to screw us over.

Follow up: Now the salesman is lying to his boss about my husband offering to put money down on the car prior to flying down to purchase it! The nerve of this place.
The place looks nice. It could look nicer if the lights weren't so harsh.

But you're really here for the food. Boy, you're in for a disappointment. We ordered a side of very bland rice and beans. I honestly would have been happier with plain steamed rice. The stew chicken was just ok. It came with hard bread. If you want some hot sauce to help the food, be prepared to pay $1.99. The Jamaican beef patty was good. I enjoyed that the best. 

Overall, don't waste your money. The people are very nice though.
When we first walked in it was a bit overwhelmingly with the noise and it's a wide open space.  They seated us very quickly and got to omit drinks right away.  One server Erin came to our table slowly there after to take our order and answer any questions we had.  My wife doesn't eat regular sausage and we were very impressed with the vast ability to substitute. We were here for breakfast, but i peeked at the lunch menu and you can build your own burger with ground beef, chicken breast, turkey, or a vegetable patty.  I had the fiesta green chili skillet and it was amazing.  Perfectly spiced and filling.   My wife had a burrito and substituted turkey sausage and fruit.  We each got one of the banana bread muffins which I highly recommend. Erin was our server and she was very attentive and pleasant.  This was a nice way to start the day.  I highly recommend making this past of your Vegas stay.
Montréal has some amazing Portuguese food, but we didn't find any at Jano. I won't bother listing the dishes we ordered, because they all ended up being $20 plates of uninspired grilled meat with mediocre fries. The hot sauce was the only thing that made it interesting, and wasn't nearly enough to save this meal.

When was the last time you've had boring Portuguese food? I was honestly baffled. At least the desserts were decent.

The service was disinterested, and while I'm fine with going up to the counter to pay, it would be nice if they said that that was what you had to do, instead of just stopping service after the last plate was delivered. The space was also very noisy while we were there.
One of the best korean resturants I've been to. I came with my entire family. My uncle Hiro is a regular here and our waiter was Andy. Andy is by far my favorite person at this resturant. He was very kind and generous. He made sure to take very good care of us. Was not disappointed by the service or the food. Will be back!
3.5 stars overall for this restaurant, including a half star to the restaurant owner who does look for improvement.  

I came here for dinner with my family the first time.  We ordered Thai red curry chicken served with bread.  The idea and presentation was creative but the curry was way too sweet.

Fried beef spaghetti tasted ok but the spaghetti is a wee bit too soft.  The water still stayed from the cooked spaghetti in the boiling water.   Was it not fried thoroughly? 

Fried garlic and beef rice tasted good but I prefer my fried rice is fried a bit dry.  The portion of beef could be a bit more for $9 something?  

The black pepper pork stomach soup was just so-so.

We were served with a complimentary mini dessert, mango sago (凍芒果西米露) at the end.  It was surprisingly good. 

The service was very friendly.  The restaurant asked for customers' comments.  I hope they can do better than so-so soon.  

I might not come back for dinner again yet.  However, I will still be interested to go try their red bean ice tea with red bean ice cube for the hopefully hot summer:)
Went for brunch, and it was pretty good! The decor was pretty awesome, and service was quite good despite the crowd. Clay-oven bread with cinnamon sugar was a guilty pleasure. I wasn't as impressed with the pastrami hash, it was just a bit more greasy and salty than I like (if I order it again, I'll ask for a poached egg instead of fried, I think that would be a better contrast). I just had a taste of the burger, but it was excellent.

So while I wasn't quite rocketed to "best ever", I do want to go back. I need to try the lemon pancakes, and I have yet to check out the dinner menu.
Takeout regular, the grits ARE dreamy and I love the turkey bacon, sausage. The chocolate bread pudding is new twist to it too. Recommend greatly.
Best kabobs in the gta! I always get beef kabob combos.. Huge portions come with a lot of rice and a grilled tomatoe. If you want half rice half salad it's $1 more. Still worth it!
I used to work here. It was the one of the worst jobs I have ever had. They treat you like dirt and tried to charge me for a new employee manual that I supposedly took home. I did not.
Overall a fantastic restaurant experience. I particularly liked the ambiance from the moment I stepped off the elevator. The staff from hostess to server were very professional. My main course was the artic char. Outstanding! Portions are small so don't hesitate to order some appetizers. Because our meal took some time to arrive, they brought 3 desserts on the house. Banana dessert was 10\/10.
I had a party at my house and lost my car key so a friend of mine suggested to call a locksmith. I called Ace and he came within 20 min. He managed to get me a new key for my car even though was not code on fille from the vin, he took off the door cylinber and found out what the key was. Ace was reliable and orginized i recommend him my to all my friends!
Way to Grow is top notch! The facility is amazing and the therapists are the best in the area! I am grateful for everything they have done to help my son. I have referred friends to their facility and all have been extremely satisfied. Keep up the good work!
Delicious and authentic! I am a native of Caracas, Venezuela, currently living in Iowa. I was in Madison to see Dan Savage and Jamie Kilstein at UW and as soon as I saw the sign for La Taguara, I knew we had to stop for breakfast. Man, was it worth it!!!! Super fresh, beautiful decor, very friendly service and the shredded beef arepas are the best in the Midwest. It made me happy to also find Cocosette, Boleros, Nucita. A Venezuelan gem! Eat here nowwwww!
Arepa! 

I love the concept of dedicating a restaurant to these venezuelan cornbread sandwiches! I think it's a great idea considering how many people are looking for gluten-free options. Our waitress was very knowledgable about what an arepa was and made sure we were thoroughly taken care of :)

So onto the food, I ordered the pulled pork arepa with a side of coleslaw, my bill came to 12 dollars I believe (don't quote me though). The pork was rather chewy and dry, (not the expected over sauced, melt in your mouth kind of deal). I wasn't too pleased with the filling however the cornbread part was nice and toasty. The coleslaw was literally served in what looked like a take out sauce container, it was maybe a table spoon. It kind of threw me off because it promised a "side of coleslaw," and coleslaw's cheap I thought you may as well add more for the same price. 

My friend ordered the fried cassava I believe dipped in a guacamole, she informed me they were good and the sauce was fine as well.

So yeah, not the best value for what you're getting, but if you've never tried an arepa you should at least once!
I could spend a whole day here - this place has everything home related. Not to mention they have the cafeteria there too! The chocolate cake is to die for. Definitely go!
I have to say for a buffet, I was impressed. When pulling in, you have to drive around the end of the strip mall to find the door. It was strange at first because pulling in, you'd think they were closed. 

Once inside, the place is huge. Looks newly remodeled as their buffets are fancier than most places and there's a ton of seating. 

I tried their sushi and several Chinese dishes including black pepper chicken (my favorite), General's, and sesame chicken. The potsticker was hard as if they'd sat out for too long. But other than that the food was fresh and they have a lot of options. Plus you can get hibachi made fresh. Our waitress was very attentive and made sure to keep our drinks full and our plates cleared. Someone in our party had said they had fresh steamed clams on the bar, but they didn't the day we were there. After asking our waitress about them, they had a whole pan freshly made and even delivered them to our table for my boyfriend's little brother. 

I would definitely return again the next time I get a hankering for Chinese food.
I would give them zero stars if I could. Flight was cancelled- this happens. What I could not believe was the fact that we were told we would not be able to get flight accommodations for two days, we were also told that there were no hotels (we r in Vegas.. of course there are hotels). We were given a shuttle service to LAX.. been waiting for hours, still not here. One of employees said they were taking care of us and to stop complaining because we were getting food vouchers. Wtf??! I paid for a flight back home - not for food vouchers!!!! Never ever flying Spirit Airlines again. This is ridiculous and they couldn't care less. Horrible customer experience. Thanks Spirit for keeping me at airport for 8 hours.. and counting.
Our party of eight came in to an empty place to celebrate my birthday.  We sat outside to enjoy the live music which consisted of a guy playing a guitar.  We ordered food and drinks and were enjoying ourselves until the resident street people came around ...along with the owners.  As the woman owner walked in she appeared to try and become confrontational with us but then went inside.  Just after that, our party was told we wouldn't be served anymore and were cut off.  After we explained that none of us were driving they graciously let us stay for a brownie with a candle in it. We were then told we had to leave after I went in to talk to the waitress and the male owner tried to stop and listen to what I was saying to her which made me stop talking until he walked away.  That's when we were cut off.  It was a clear and vulgar display of power. It seemed as though the owners bought a bar so that they and their friends could drink.  I can see now why it was empty.  Good luck with that.
This climbing gym is excellent. A wide array of bouldering and top-roping problems, some lead climbing areas and friendly staff.

Their bouldering problems are rated a little higher than they actually are (there are a couple V5s that are more like V2+s...) but I'm generally happy with everything they have. For a whopping $55\/month you can have unlimited climbing.

Generally everyone in the gym is nice; there are some shirtless, washboard-ab boys who can send V6s and higher that will give you weird looks and ignore you, but aside from that you should find everyone is friendly and willing to give you some beta if you ask (or some times if you don't).
This is a great way to take a break off The Strip!

They have all sorts of games, not just pinball. Which, needless to say, is an impressive collection of classic machines and newer models. 

The staff was friendly, the layout is walkable, and the prices are very reasonable!

Would definitely go again
My new favorite place!
Clean and friendly staff. Food is great! Atmosphere is fun, updated and comfortable. Location is convenient. Yum!
This place was excellent.  Food was very good.  My wife ordered the Frozen Bahamarita and is was good.  Will be returning!
I ordered their number 9 wrapped in lettuce. I think it's really awsome that they give you the option with no extra charge.   

However when I got my sandwich I was extremely dissatisfied. The whole thing was drowning I mean literally dripping in mayo. It was absolutely so repulsive I couldn't even enjoy my sandwich.

 "Took to bite and threw the rest out". No sandwich should have the amount of mayo that this did. My sandwiches was also missing the Italian vinaigrette. Or maybe it could have been on there but you would never be able to tell with all the mayonnaise.
This place is open till midnight. I've dashed in many times 3 minutes before closing and they don't mind. You can find some pretty good deals but def check the online flyers first. 

Veggies are expensive, visit Eden upstairs  (open till 10) for more selection and better prices. For even cheaper veggies and fruits visit marche lobo, block away on parc. 

There's a provigo nearby open till midnight as well but I would say its only slightly better because its bigger and has a better selection.
Today is the 30th of May 2016. My 2nd rental from A1 vans. Taking the family to California again. Every year I take the family to Disneyland for a reunion. Last year I waited too long to put in my reservation and A1 vans was booked. So I went with another company.. Guess what?. My reservations are in 2-3weeks in advance. I WILL NEVER TAKE A TRIP WITHOUT A1VANS AGAIN!!!! BEST SERVICE! BEST VEHICLES! I can take my whole family anywhere in their vehicle and know we will be safe!! 
THANK YOU A1Vans family from my family. See you for the next trip
It smells like there is mold in this location or a cheap spray to cover up the smell of weed. All the employees keep going in the back for no reason (one of the employees, I'm pretty sure, gave a blow job to the other). This location is just not nice.
Best quick, reasonably priced, breakfast and lunch to go options in Pittsburgh. I know nothing about "authenticity" when it comes to French cuisine, but I've heard this is the real deal from more than a few people. Regardless, it is delicious. And they are nice. And they don't laugh at you if you are trying to practice French pronunciation.
The food here was ok. It had great flavor but the crust wasn't what I would call "pizza" crust. It was more like a fluffy tortilla or a thin pita. They lost a star for the crust. Now I know it's sometimes hard to control but there was a lot of nats or fruit flies. I had to take a star for that. I hate going to a restraint and having to shoo bugs away from my food. Nasty... They were fast and the food have great flavor, but not my favorite place to eat...
I had the dos xx tacos, they were great, outstanding rice and refried beans. My wife had the fajitas and said they were really good also
Inexperienced manager treated us poorly.  My group of 40 - 50 somethings came in for a birthday celebration.  
After giving a a toast, the manager came over, and said something under his breath to us and walked away.  When we asked him to come back to clarify his request, he started arguing with the birthday boy.  
To be clear, we were not drunk, not doing anything rude or inappropriate.  Just a bunch of friends enjoying each other's company.  
Instead of walking out like we wanted to, we opted to make the most of it.  Never ceases to amaze me how one person can ruin a perfectly good evening...but I wouldn't expect it out of the manager of a high end restaurant.
I had my wedding in Vegas on New Year's Day. Spoke with Gary a month before and told him everything I wanted for our wedding party. He truly delivered more than I expected. Not to mention they delivered exactly when they said they would. The flowers were gorgeous!! Gaia Flowers was very easy to work with, professional, and made our special day, that much more special. I would definitely recommend them to my friends & family & will definitely use them again. Thank you Gary & the Gaia Team.
Chicken VERY dry. Had a groupon so didn't pay full price. Not worth the cost they want had MUCH better at Taj Palace off Eastern and Richmar.
Extended warranty .  Never never purchase an extended warranty from lowes .  It's quite a scam they have going on.  Our fridge quite cooling after 3 years and we paid for the extended so we gave lowes a call.  And, why did we buy the extended warranty?  Because we bought an LG fridge from lowes that broke after 4 years.  

  I had heard that if you don't save all the paper work you are screwed even though they have it all on their computer.  So we did, which I think ticked them off cause they got kind of rude after we came up with the slew of numbers we needed.  So I keep food in my fridge.  Meats, milk, cheese, you know that stuff isn't cheap.  Apparently lowes urgent care is 5 days ! 5 days and not a specific time.  All day.  So I have to miss a whole day of work and prolly loose 2 to 3 hundred dollars worth of food.  They know you would be better off paying someone your self to come at an appointed time.  Not to mention selling a fridge that didn't last longer than three years before it pooped out.  I not only will never buy an extended warranty from lowes again but I will never shop at lowes again.
I used to have a great working relationship with this company, several years of business passed between us; I don't know what happened. I wonder if the owner passed away or something... I have not been able to connect with anyone here for months now. It's so sad to see what was once a great business go down the tubes.
Best BBQ in Phoenix. I suspect it could also be the best in Arizona and even in the Southwest. I've seen Little Miss BBQ appear on top ten lists for the US. I find it comical that many chains have interior designs with faux outdoor seating as if you are at a picnic by the smokers, when that is actually what the seating is at Little Miss BBQ. The brisket is melt it your mouth tender. You can't go wrong with any of the meat options. I also recommend the beans and grits as sides.  Each trip is an experience. I recommend arriving early before opening time to get the best cuts. I usually arrive at 10:45 AM and wait about half an hour after they open at 11 AM. The first time I came I arrived much later to a really long line and waited two hours, but it was worth it.
Good milk tea and crepes. Lots of games to play and kill time while waiting for our flight.
Came in and got the shrimp etouffee & jambalaya combo. The etouffee has such a great flavor! I've been craving it ever since. It is Creamy and has a mild kick to it. If you aren't a veggie person you'll probably leave a lot behind (I did). But I think I'll still order it next time and get the bigger one so I can have my fill! The jambalaya was good. It was a drier version and kind of reminded me of some kind of creole fried rice. I enjoyed both but definitely recommend the etouffee!
Hot-dog gourmet, vous dites?
Quel délice! Peut-être pas bon pour le bedon, mais en tout cas, au goût, c'était super.
Chez Dirty dogs, vous aurez droit à des hot-dogs comme vous n'en avez jamais vu : les saucisses sont savoureuses, et les garnitures excellentes (mac and cheese, porc effiloché, etc.). Le menu donne vraiment l'eau à la bouche. 

L'endroit est assez étroit, mais s'il fait beau, prenez pour emporter et aller manger votre festin dans le parc.

Côté service, malgré le petit incident qui m'est arrivé, c'est impec. Les employés avaient perdu ma commande et le gérant (en tout cas, je crois qu'il s'agissait du gérant), sans que je lui demande quoi, a pris l'initiative de m'offrir ma commande gratuitement. Même si j'ai d'abord trouvé que Dirty Dogs manquait d'organisation, j'ai vu que les employés avaient vraiment à cœur leur clientèle. C'est ce qu'on aime, non?

J'y retournerai assurément pour goûter autre chose cet été. Des hot-dogs de luxe, quelle bonne idée!
My daughter and I thought it would be fun to go to Skyfall and get an after dinner drink and dessert.  We found a seat right away and our server came right over.  We ordered our favorite dessert, chocolate soufflé, and I ordered my favorite after dinner drink, Sambuca.  My drink came quickly, and shortly thereafter, the two soufflés.  As we were eating the soufflés, we noticed they were very runny.  We were trying to flag down our server to tell her, but she wasn't around.  No one was around.  We ended up eating them, they were okay, not great as they should've been.  From the time they dropped off our soufflés, 20 minutes had gone by without anyone coming around.  I then finished my drink and wanted the check.  Another 10 minutes went by.  I finally had to flag someone down to bring me my check.  This was so disappointing.  Souffles not good and terrible service. The only positive was the great view and my drink.  Won't go back.  Bummer!
Quick and fast service! Quite salty though. You just need to make sure you stock up on the lime at their salsa bar.
Ok, We broke down and tried the seafood buffet.  To say that it was good would be a lie,  it was mediocre and that is pushing it.  I was told they had lobster tails, well they did but the were all chopped up in some nasty sauce and they were so salty I could not eat them.   As far as the Carnival World Buffet it was alright, we have experienced way better.  The prime rib was good that is the only reason for the 2 stars. On the Carnival World buffet there was plenty of seafood, crab legs, shrimp, sushi, and fish.   As far as over 70 homemade pies and desserts, someone can not count.  might have been 30 max.  And there was no chocolate cake.  Should bump it down to 1 star.  $103 for 2 people with out cocktails.
This is my new spot for milk tea. I came in with my sis and niece and brought my lil yorkie, aww unfortunately the employee had to help us outside which was nice of him because no dogs allowed which is understanding. The milk tea I had was delicious. I had the brew milk tea!!! This place also has stamp cards which is nice! Definitely going to come back to try something else!
More like 4.5 Stars...

Encore is definitely better than Venetian and Wynn. (Tied w\/ Palazzo)

I have stayed at Encore at least 5-6x now and I would probably never pay more than $300 a night here. The hotel may impress some for the first time, but it's getting a little too old for me. I actually like the new rooms at Aria more, but checking in at Aria was absolutely horrible. If you do not mind staying off the strip, I would highly recommend staying at the M Resort. The hotel rooms are new and have more of a modern appeal over Encore. The only thing I don't like about the M Resort was the fact that they are priced around $175-200 for Fridays\/Saturdays (Californians get 30% off). That's pretty much the same as staying on a cheaper property like Paris on the strip. If you don't mind the drive to the strip daily, I would recommend staying at the M. The average rate for a King bed at Encore on Fridays\/Saturdays is around $300-$350.

Overall Encore is great for:
+Groups (People who stuff 8 people in 1 room - you know who you are)
+XS \/ Surrender - The option of just going back to your hotel room after a night out.
+Shopping - The mall is across the street.

If Palazzo was cheaper than Encore by $50 a night, I would rather stay there. However, I believe there are resort fees($10-15) at Venetian \/ Palazzo properties and there are no resort fees at Encore\/Wynn.
Justin and Kyle were perfect for our bachlorette party.  They made every girl of our 16 girl party feel comfortable.  They were not too aggressive and put us at ease.  also they had rocking bodies!  Definitely would hire again
I could have given this buffet a five star rating except for the service.  Our waitress was very intent to have us finish up and get out. 

The food was very good especially the coconut shrimp.  The price is great.
Ahwatukee needs more great businesses just like this one.  Fresh, progressive, customer focused and a can't go wrong menu.
This BK is efficient and somewhat friendly except do not ask for anything special because Mgr Debbie won't like it...LMAO...file a complaint and then she won't serve you anymore. Ron Benson seems to be ok with this type of customer treatment because the behavior is long over 1+ year!
They have both meat and vegetarian options sandwiches.  HuGE lines and long waits and a little pricey but it can be worth it.
Great food and great service. We picked this place because of the dog-friendly patio and I'll tell you what it did not disappoint!! The ambience is super cute and quaint and there is ample parking. Our server, Patrick, was attentive and hilarious.

We had the veggie Benny and breakfast burrito with the bacon subbed for beans as well as a crepe with home fries - so good!! The seasoning was perfect. If we are in Vegas, we will be back here for sure!
Great selection and prices are good. Donuts were soft and fresh. Very yummy! Will for sure go back.
I have been seeing Dr. Falkner since 2005 and for these long 8 years we have known each other she has given me her undivided personal attention. Never have I felt like just another patient to her. Sometimes she calls me direct with lab results-now isn't that patient care or what!
Her office is a small office on the 2nd floor with 3 exam rooms and a comfortable waiting area. 
Loribeth is an AWESOME patient care attendant. Extremely personable and she'll make you smile--laugh even!
The best investment that I made in a long time! Mathew came out to my home well within the agreed upon window of time, took his time and made sure the work was done like it was his own home. I believe that he spent around 4 hours making sure everything was done right. He really went over the top, cleaning showing me exactly what he was doing and why. His service was definitely worth more than $69.00. (Don't tell Mathew that I said that) I will keep Mathew in my contacts and will gladly recommend him to everyone.

Don't wait until your dryer breaks down from working too hard, or worse, don't wait until you lose your family photos with everything else in your home in a lint fire.
UPDATE - This place is slowly growing on me enough to bump it yet another star thanks to the their Loco Moco.  What you didn't notice they had Loco Moco here too? Neither did I till Mel C. pointed it out.  I really like they use better quality beef for the burger patties and gravy was not to thick.  Even though it's not  made like your typical Loco Moco(rice, burger layered)  I really liked how the burgers are plated on a bed of shredded cabbage instead of rice. The rice was off to the side instead. You can also opt for brown rice as well!  Good for those who are watching our starch intake. Ono grindz! 

Oh and all the servers at this shift were on the ball! Good job YG&S!
I would easily give XS nearly 5 stars, I'm saying a 4.7. However the lines are tedious! A group of around 8 friends ( mostly women) and I were in line for about 45 minutes. I know they do this to make it look more full, but its all an illusion. I walk in and it was empty, both inside and out. But that's okay, it filled up FAST

This place is one of my favorite clubs EVER, its big and definitely does not feel too crowded. They have bars inside and out, so it's easy to pick up drinks for you or that special someone. It is also convenient for those who smoke, to simply walk outside and have a quick cigarette. If you come with a large group (10+) I suggest you do invest in a table or a cabana (1000$ Bottle Service)because finding your friends in the crowd is hard.

The facilities are nice, the bathrooms are clean. The outdoor area is also great, but beware of the table's out there, and do not fall into the pool.

The music choice here is great! It's nice to be able to stay on the dance floor because there is no bad music coming from the DJ booth. Also, the crowd here is typically friendly, and that is to be expected with a fairly high cover charge.

I would recommend having a few drinks on your own or at the local casinos before you come here, because a drink can easily cost you 15$+, but its totally worth the ambiance. 

I would recommend this place anyone any day.
Went to lease a corolla. The place brought back fond memories of the 1960's where the salesmen are standing in the lot ready to ambush you. After chit chatting with the salesman I told him which Corolla model I wanted. He took me to this gigantic lot full of cars. After driving around for 10 minutes he finally found the last and only model I wanted. Give me a break. Went back to showroom and he quoted me twice The amountwhat Toyota was offering. When I pulled out the internet add he said oh you want the Toyota lease! I may be old but I'm not senile-yet. I then asked about gap insurance. They said I didn't need it. Duh if the car is totaled or stolen and the insurance doesn't cover the remaining lease I'm SCREWED. After these blips the paperwork went very smoothly. Going to any car dealership is like going for root canal but all in all compared to other dealerships this one is pretty good.
WorldMark Las Vegas is located 3 miles from the strip.     If you have a car, staying on the strip is not a big deal.  It's a very short drive to the strip and freeways.  It's conveniently located to local supermarket, Walgreen is down the street just incase you need to grab something at the pharmacy.   With kids,  you never know.

I wasn't really expecting much staying here.  We stayed in a renovated 2 bedroom.   Everything look new.  Unit had everthing we look for,  living room, kitchen, washer and dryer which is located behind the door on the patio balcony, odd location.  Everything function and unit kept clean.  There are no elevators at this resort, something to keep in mind.  Came here during winter, so we did not use the pool.

If your not looking for high end resort and don't care about staying on the strip, this is a good place to checkout.  Request a unit not facing Tropicana Ave, it's a main street with car noise 24\/7, very noisy.   Too others, noise doesn't really bother them.
We are total fans of the movie and know there is nothing like it....but we were expecting this to me a bit more entertaining than it was.  I feel as if they focused too much on the love affairs among the characters than it overshadowed Evil Dead's true story line.  Many people around us walked out in the middle of the show, we remained seated till the end in hopes of seeing a change in scenery but towards the end we concluded it was simply "ok
Sat the bar, got okonomiyaki (pancake), bottle of dreamy clouds saki, and Budweiser. I was surprised at how hearty this pancake was, made of fish, cabbage, bacon and grilled. And a very large portion that only costs $10. Will try the whole grilled fish and whole squid next time.
Thank you again Presidential Limousine Vegas, Shea on 22 October and Peder on 24 October were prompt and very helpful, will see you again in near future 4th time using your service.
Very high quality food in a good atmosphere.  Didnt blow me away to get the 5th star and the service was terrible even though the restaurant was near empty.
Delightfully decorated coffee shop with great tasting coffee and friendly baristas! I've started coming here for my lunch break and it's a nice relaxing environment. Try the wonderfall latte if you're looking to try something new and great tasting!
I have been going to this salon since it was in Euclid.  Mitzi is the best stylist and has become family.  I would drive miles(and I do) to come here for beauty services.  The facials here are to die for!  I have gone to salons all over the globe and Deanna is magic with her hands and techniques. This salon is so reasonably priced and service exceptional.  If you try nothing else.....please come for a facial, you will not be disappointed!
Love this place! The food is all vegan (including desserts) and tastes amazing. Their cauliflower is divine, no joke. Great cashew cheese flat bread, falafel salad... pretty much everything on the menu is great. The prices, service, and ambiance all are great as well. Will keep coming back here!
There is no better barber shop in Scottsdale.  No frills, just great haircuts.
Beautiful chapel, great location.  Ben does an amazing job of making every one feel special at their ceremony.  If you're thinking of getting married I would highly recommend The Little Neon Chapel.
Die Wilhelma ist einfach der schönste Platz in Stuttgart, wenn man Flora und Fauna liebt und mal nicht den ganzen Tag Remmi Demmi haben will.
Trotzdem sollte man einen ganzen Tag einplanen, sonst sieht man nicht alles und stresst sich unnötig, was hier einfach falsch wäre. Ruhe und Gelassenheit sollte man schon mitbringen.


 Wer hier nicht war, der hat sehr viel verpasst. Am Schönsten ist es im Frühling, wenn alles grünt und blüht. Ein Augenschmaus und zwar überall.


 Auch hatten wir Riesenglück, denn trotz des sonnigen Wetters waren alle Tiere putzmunter. Egal ob Tiger, Eisbären, Adler oder Affen. Es gab soviel zu schauen.
Und auch die vielen verschiedenen Gewächshäuser oder die Mammutbäume auf dem Hügel. Selbst wenn der Aufstieg bei heißen Temperaturen schwierig ist, man muss ich das einfach abverlangen. Genial.


 Aber leider gibt es essenstechnisch nicht wirklich was tolles und meist ist auch viel zu viel los, um gemütlich zu essen, wenn man zu den Parkrestaurants geht. Also vielleicht eher Selbstverpflegung und in Ruhe speisen.
I have to say, I really like the atmosphere in this place. 

I also like their tea and their lattes. I've been here a few times and every time the food and coffee has been good.

However, their Wifi doesn't work properly and their seats are very uncomfortable. 

My friend and I brought our laptops last night to get some work done and enjoy some tea. For 30 minutes we struggled to connect our laptops to the Wifi and when we asked the employee who brought our tea for assistance he had no idea how to assist us and it didn't seem like he spoke much English. (Keep in mind he was nice)

I can't say I wouldn't come back here for their food but I certainly wouldn't come back to sit and enjoy a quiet Monday night on my laptop getting work done. 

And get some new seats!! The chairs are very uncomfortable
My new favorite restaurant. Wow, was this good, healthy and clean. Had the Thai bowl.
The first time I was at Condado I went for happy hour, but I went upstairs and apparently happy hour was only valid downstairs. No one told me this so I ended up paying full price for my margs. Regardless, the margaritas are amazing - get the blood orange!! And the tacos are to die for. If you read this review before you go for happy hour, don't forget to go to the downstairs bar for it!!!!
What an amazing massage; I opted for the lomi-lomi massage and it was one of the most unique styles I have had.  The studio is a warm and comfortable space, with a lot of character. Tina is so amazing and you can tell she loves what she does.
It isn't everyday you come across a whole roast pig. That is unless you are in Spain or France. Both countries notorious for their love of pork and roasting the piggies in their entirety. 

I was immediately drawn to this place. A decade ago I probably would've thought it barbaric to see such a sight, but now with two Pollan books under my belt I feel better about actually seeing the pig that I am about to eat Of course the next step according to M.Pollan would be to go out and kill it myself. Well, we just haven't reached that level yet. But I like that instead of seeing dissected pieces of meat in no way resembling a pig, we actually see what we are eating. It's much more of an organic experience, one step closer to nature. Yes, I do realise I am getting very philosophical. This is something that tends to happen quite often.

They were out of the brown buns so we had the white. The buns are the traditional scottish rolls that I have come to love. In total you are entitled to 4 choices here. 

1. The size of your roll. 
2. Whether or not said roll is white or brown 
3. The filling: sage & onion stuffing or haggis 
4.  Lastly the sauce, apple sauce or chilli sauce.
     Thats it.

To many, that may not seem like enough choices. As consumers nowadays we love to have millions of options. Yet, I have come to understand that when a place has less choice, this means they get to concentrate on obtaining excellent quality ingredients. That is exactly what has happened here. Because this place only offers one sandwich they have perfected it.

 Another plus is that they have root beer in the fridge.
Crazy Alfredo whaaaaaaaaaaa??? Tons of meat and tons a favorable sauces. I was impressed. I never really thought pasta could be impressive but this place is a must!  really nice staff and if you don't like what they have already set in place on the menu, you can build your owns which is always good
I was really excited that another place opened that didn't seem like it was made from powders and pre made mixes and was close to home. I thought the regular milk tea was decent although a bit pricey, but the boba was a little hard to gnaw through. The crushed ice was another down fall to me. I don't like ice to begin with so when I am drinking my tea I get little chunks of ice...it throws me off. The actually taste was good which was not too sweet and not overbearing. Also, my husband ordered a tea which was the only tea that he could not get boba with. Overall, the taste was good and I would be willing to give it another go.
I have ordered from this restaurant many times and have tried many different dishes. Just recently back from Thailand, I fell in love with their Panang Curry. Best I have had. HOWEVER, I ordered their lunch special today of Panang Curry and found there to be a very large bug in the curry. I will never eat at this restaurant again.
Personally ,Felt like a typical convenience store..

Wouldn't purchase food from here anymore though.

I ordered a boneless chicken (honey garlic) and it was wayyyyyyyy too sweet and  soggy, aso the breading was way too thick... 
Also bought the boston cream donut, The dough was good but when it came to the cream.. YUCK. lol. not worth it.[will never get again]
But get what you pay for right? :)  
Chicken: 8piece for $4\/5
Donut: $1 for 3
We have been going to Dr. Robertson since my son was 8 months old and he is now 9.  Had eye surgery when he was 4.  We are very happy with the quality of service she has given us and are grateful that we went to her.
I was sent by my obgyn to this facility and staff was great there, especially Amy (our ultrasound- technician) I just want to say thank you for the cute ultrasound pictures of my little baby girl. Amy was very knowledgeable, professional and sweet. Thank you Dr. Avi Patil, MD, FACOG, ABCP Director, Center for Personalized Obstetric Medicine you brought so much ease-relief to my husband and my heart because I was a mess before we met with you today! I'm Blessed to have encountered you and your staff. Thank God my baby girl is perfect and thank you for confirming that! You guys are awesome!  I highly recommend this facility! Btw: I was late 20 minutes due to car key issues and they still were nice and took me into the back right away.
great food. getting a seat is tough especially for the weekend but worth trying at least once.
Honestly the only downside is how much business they do so it's packed and wait times are rough some times but hey thats the price of having great food and a nice cleanly environment.
Warning: This review was written with a full belly. Viewer Discretion is advised.

WOWwy wow wow wow.
This place is awesome in more ways than one...and I just had delivery.

THE FOOD - the menu is droolworthy. Whether you're into the whole "healthy" thing or you are in dire need of some serious grub (aka "happy)- the menu has a bunch of options. As soon as I confirmed that this place would deliver to our office, I was super excited to give this place a try. My health-conscious coworker found multiple lunch options that sounded appealing. She settled on the TBLT (turkey bacon, lettuce, and tomato sandwich) with sweet potato fries. I of course picked a more caloric option and picked the Phatty Philly (hold the blue cheese) and truffle fries. We shared the Rancho-mame snack option (edamame with drizzled with ranch powder and a side of ranch) and we each got a kids-sized shake. I got the Charlie Brown (nutella, bananas, and strawberries-- um yes please) and she got a gross green shake called Adventure Juice. :)
EVERYthing we ordered was great! For food-delivery (I'll talk more more about that later) I was expecting to have a few issues (food cold, shakes melted, blah blah blah) but no. Everything was tasty. My kids-sized shake was the best part and... for only 3 dollars it was a HUGE serving (i'm not great at math but I'm pretty sure I got 16 ounces worth). And it tastes fresh and --just well-made. 
My truffle fries were not piping hot (i mean I get why so no complaints) but they tasted great!! My philly which I had thought was super pricey--- it was HUGE!. it was packed with meat, peppers, and huge portobello pieces. It was tender and just awesome. The edamame was delish too. I may have overordered a tad because I have a lot left over. This was due to the GINORMOUS shake I got that I finished first before eating.... I mean really -- $3 for something that big?!!!! It must be a mistake. My coworker L-O-V-E-D her sandwich. They did not skimp on the turkey bacon and.... it was NOT on your mama's wonderbread... this was thick artisan-type bread. No corners were cut here (no pun intended). 

DELIVERY - Speaking of not cutting corners--- PROPS go out to their online ordering system. It was smart, simple, and easy to use. I'd give it 5 stars just for that. 
The presentation of the food was pretty impressive too. The fry carton was pretty fancy. The container for my edamame is completely reusable and so were the shake cups. I get that they're new and this may change over time but I am still impressed with the quality of their delivery swag.
PLUS, I got the food in 30 minutes.... the ETA email said 20 minutes and I thought - who are they kidding - I expected at least an hour. I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived in our lobby just 30 minutes later and he profusely apologized for being "late".  I laughed - I told him he was right on schedule! Totally worth the extra $5 delivery fee.

I am SO stuffed! SO happy! and I need a nap. What a great & unique lunch spot (closed on weekends) Impress your co-workers & friends! Do it!
Great greeting with great food.This location is usually extremely busy during lunchtime. I love the modern coke machine.
Wai Wai is  probably 4 stars before 9 pm. After that you risk wasting your money if you place an order.

I used to order consistently from Wai Wai and loved their food but stopped  after a bad experience. I placed an order at 10:30 on a Friday night. I asked if they were still taking orders and the receptionist  cheerfully told me yes. I asked for a large shrimp fried rice and to shrimp egg rolls. I got one large chicken fried rice with very bland chicken in it. I suspect it was boiled for time. The shrimp egg rolls barely had any shrimp in it. My boyfriend is a pescatarian (strictly fish and vegetarian eater) so he couldn't eat anything I got. I really wasn't interested in it either, and as the dinner cost 20 dollars after the tip. I felt like I wasted my money. A friend that also ordered there had a similar experience when she ordered at around 9 pm.  Take our advice and don't order anywhere near their closing or you will be disappointed.
Food's always good, but service is totally inconsistent, sometime great, sometime awful. Too bad because the atmosphere is nice, they also have live music on the weekend.
We sat at the bar to watch the chefs. If was really fun and interesting. We also got to speak to the chef. Super cool!  I had the Hell's Kitchen burger.
Good location right on the royal mile. Great service food was good not excellent. The ambiance was cool, Great setting with life music.
The staff did a great job.
Love this place. 

It has such a wide variety of housewares from dishes to tupperware to rice cookers. They offer good selection at mid-range prices. 

This is a family run place where you can find countless kitchenwares.
Open 24-hours and adjoining a somewhat divey bar (Money Plays) that happens to serve up a very respectable selection of cerveza: these are the two things that make El Taco Feliz a spot worth a visit. Yes, you can even take your tacos next door to enjoy video poker, televised sports and beer. 

The service is great. The atmosphere is sparse, and as for the tacos, they definitely hit the spot. They are $2\/piece and come topped with the works, including guacamole. We sampled the carne asada and the carnitas. I would stick with the carnitas, as our carne asada came out a tad too crispy, and it wasn't dripping with flavors. The carnitas while not spiced up did have a huge mound of solid, smokey pork. Unfortunately, their spicy salsa wasn't burning down any houses. 

But if tacos and dives are two of your favorite things, this might be your private paradise.
Great place to go after a night out in King West. If you are looking for an alternative to over-priced martinis or a dive bar on a weekend out with friends, why not ping pong with alcohol?! great venue, spacious and great crowd. Can get a bit pretentious but this is King West after all.
It was open late night. The spread of choices were pretty decent. I got the Bellagio Penne. It was not bad and the price was okay. Nothing to rave about, but not so bad a place to avoid. If nothing else is open, there is this place. The service was spot on. Sit at the bar for faster service.
What's up with day clubs in Vegas? I don't get the hype. I guess it's just a good excuse to wear as little as possible, check people out in bikinis and drink all while standing around a kiddie sized pool. 

The size of the pool here is ridiculous. It's tiny and everyone just stands around it or sits by the edge to dip their feet. SCREW it..my friends and I went right in. (Don't try to bring your drink into the water...this guy with an orange whistle will come blowing it repeatedly until he gets your attention and yells at you to take it out of the water). Unbelievable....

They have a great marketing plan here because there is NO WHERE to stand around if you don't have a table\/cabana. They'll smirk at you when you refuse the table\/cabana service outside...then laugh when you come back to them asking for one after checking out the scene. They have tables with minimum $200 drink\/food purchase..but you'll end up paying more because of service and table fees. pssh! Lame. 

There's a jacuzzi on the side with pretty strong jets that were nice to sit by, but the water was just too hot for the desert. You can't sit in there too long. 

Overall, I had a fun time because of the people I was with, not so much thanks to Tao Beach.
Beautiful, clean spacious studio. Teachers are devoted and fabulous. The practice is done in a heated, humidified room. Yoga poses are basic, for any skill level but you get a great workout because of the humid heat. Helps with deepening your practice. 

It's a great workout that will transform your body but most importantly, one day you will realize it has become your moving meditation. That is the reasons why their sequence doesn't change..so that your meditation part gets deeper. There's also fun, great music too to keep things fun. There's nothing like this out there. I'm not a granola yogi, never been interested in yoga or gyms but Sumits hot yoga makes me want to go, practice, get better. Amazing for your skin, body & mind. 

Try Lynn's class Saturday at 10am. She is one of the best Sumits hot yoga teacher in the valley along with Sumit, Kim Ewan and Dani Solomon. Actually there are too many to mention but those named are my fave so far. Enjoy, transform your body and mind.
Food is great!

But the security guard (African American Male) working on 03\/17\/2016 st pattys day was a complete jerk. He was hear hustling into our conversations all night. He was trying to hit on one of my friends (female) ALL night and she was clearly NOT interested. The security guard later approached her during his shift and as they were talking her boyfriend approached him and asked him "why are you hitting on my girl? She's with me." And then he got upset and kicked her boyfriend out of the bar very aggressively it caused a scene. You can NOT do that just cause you work there and you're the "security guard." Some f**king bullsh*t!! Never coming back.
My boyfriend and I were walking all over the area looking for a place to grab dinner. We tried a few other places before and nothing seemed to work out. We stumbled upon this unassuming taqueria and I'm so glad we did. The restaurant is small and busy. Making a reservation is suggested. The host offered a spot on the patio with around a 20 minute wait, but there were two open stools at the bar, so we grabbed them. I ordered a margarita and he ordered a mezcalita. Both were fresh and delicious. We then shared the guacamole which is some of the best guacamole I've ever had. I ordered one pollo al pastor and one bistec. He ordered one pescado and one carnitas. Everything was absolutely delicious and filling. The service was fast, friendly, and helpful. The restaurant was clean with cool decor. This place was so great, my boyfriend said he would go back the next day. 100% recommend.
Went to this McDonalds on February 26, 2016 at 3:34 p.m. As I walked in, everything was remodeled and renovated into the modern style restaurant. The staff here was friendly and the place seems clean.

As for the food, I ordered 20 pieces of chicken nuggets and two large drinks for me and my brother. The chicken nuggets taste the same as always. For the drinks, I tried the Sweet Tea, it tasted ok. The Sweet Teas at the other McDonalds is usually very sweet. Instead, this McDonalds put less sugar. The best part of this McDonalds is that they have a custom Coca Cola Freestyle machine where you can customize your drinks.
Amazing atmosphere and very nice staff. All units are upgraded and the common areas are stunning! Staff is friendly, fast and courteous- I would definitely recommend to anyone looking in the area.
Very cool place with alot of history.  This place is well worth the price (I cheap usually).  I was not disappointed at all.  They fire off the cannon every day except Sunday at 1:00 so make sure you are there for that.  

The prison was very enlightening and it was surprising to see how well cared for they were.  It was well stocked with museum quality items, and even had the crown jewels on display.  The real ones.

This place is not good for handicap people.  Lots of stairs, cobble roads and uneven footing.
2 *tokens on most machines...the only single token are th ones for toddlers about 5-10% of the amount of the machines, the rest are now 2 tokens...... Sorry but we are moving to a different place to play....
I am picky about my Chinese food. I love that you can request white meat only for some of their dishes and a lot of the stir fried dishes come with thinly sliced white meat anyway. Golden Wok has homemade egg rolls. I have watched the grandmother roll these and make the won tons while we have eaten there. This is not a place you go to for ambiance, but rather, a place you go to for good, quality Chinese food (and they adequately address requests to make things extra spicy) with typically quick service and pleasant staff. Over the years the owners have grown to recognize us and even remember our usual orders. Their kiddos are often around and this place if very family-friendly. I think this place gets most of their business as take out, but if you get take out, just go pick it up if you don't want to wait.
I like this place it close to work. Food is pretty good and they have lunch specials ... You might have to wait a bit to get your order. Overall not too bad.
This is a super convenient hotel for a longer term stay and away from the Vegas craziness...but first to admit this isn't for everyone.  First of all, there is no gambling  or bars.  I stayed here for work for a week and loved it because I was too tired after a long day to even attempt going out.  The rooms were spacious with free wireless along with full kitchen if you want to eat "at home"
Also loved the free breakfast - perfect buffet with make ur own waffles, eggs, potatoes, and all ur usual stuff.  Loved how there was salsa and sour cream to make ur eggs tex mex.  Anyways long story short I would def stay here again.
I absolutely love this place!!  I am not a vegetarian, but this is one of my favorite places to eat.  The food is consistently amazing and the staff is always super friendly.  Great for breakfast, lunch and dessert.  My favorites meals are the California Love Wrap, Tacos Vivos, Elephant Curry Bowl, Arizona Roll & the Lumberjack Sandwich.  Honestly though, everything is amazing.  Their juices and smoothies are excellent too...my favorites are the Greeña Colada and the Braveheart.  All of the desserts are amazing, but my favorite is the raw Snickers bar.  The coffee is excellent too!  Some people complain that it's expensive, but I think it is well worth the money for quality ingredients.
The food is good for its value. $4 for a burger and fries plus their shakes are really good! Lots of options to choose from.
Located about a block off LVBD across from the post office. It doesn't stand out but it's worth going in. Ordered food to go: killer shrimp, Mac & cheese, & butter burger with tots. While waiting for the order we had 1 Miller Lite & 1 vodka soda. Food came to $36 dollars & was worth every penny. However our total bill was $55 so I'm guessing our drinks were pretty expensive. Staff was friendly & order was fast & correct. Wish the drinks were a little cheaper but I would eat there again.
Great place! Have been there late at night a few times, and food was still very well prepared and fresh. The bartender, Angel, is extremely nice and attentive.
I decided to host a little food event with all my closest friends.  The week before I was turned away due to not making reservations, so I was a determined MAN!! lol...
Lets just say in a party of 12-15 people, its safe to say we almost ordered EVERYTHING off the menu.

5\/5 goes to their:
-Bacon wrapped Dates (Pintxos) with a drizzle of aceite (oil)...just decadent, and indescribable.

-Patatas Bravas, think of it almost like spanish taters with lots of tomato and cream sauce, cooked to perfection.

-Hand cooked Jamon  Serrano, served on a lightly toasted sour dough, and thinly sliced curred meat, much like prosciutto!! 

-Grilled Spanish Chorizo, one long piece grilled to perfection, perfect balance of flavors!

-Albondigas de Cerdero, spanish lamb meatballs served over with a mint and tomato sauce, cooked to tender perfection! perfect balance with the mint, since lamb is a warm meat.

Among other notables of creativity, their fried avocados was delicious as well as their Kale salad which was a nice re freshening difference.  Their ceviche was another delight as well.

For those avid eonophiliacs, they serve a delicious organic rioja, which was a nice surprise since I've never had organic vinto tinto! 

Their sangria was alright, however would have wished the fermentation process could have been longer when letting the wine and fruits mingle.

Overall a Gem located in the heart of Kensington!  que bueno!
If i were still in San Jose then i'd only give 3 stars but considering the Vietnamese population isn't as dense this place is pretty much the only place to get a decent bowl of Pho, 

I give it a 4 because unless a whole shop in San Jose sprouts some wheels and drives down here to set up shop i don't eat Pho anywhere else

Drink a lot of water the MSG is noticeable
By far the worst service I've had when dealing with my car. All I wanted was lightbulbs for my headlights and the guy tried to charge me $115.00. When I asked why it was so expensive for light bulbs, his answer was that he was charging me for labor. I'm sorry but I wasn't aware how laborious it is to screw in a light bulb. Definitely will never return here as it's clear they just want your money for very simple tasks.
Was excited to try the restaurant after reading the positive reviews.  Always a fan of a good ol' family restaurant.

Went for brunch on a Sunday and the restaurant was understaffed.  Took about 5 minutes to get seated despite numerous open tables.  There was no clear host or hostess and all the waiters and waitresses were running around moody and stressed.

Took a good 30 minutes to wave down a waitress and place our orders.  Everyone was walking around with their head down to avoid serving tables.

Food was good but was not anywhere good enough to make up for waiting 45 minutes for eggs and bacon.  My girlfriend had the sausage and goat cheese omelette which was good.  The goat cheese was fresh and the serving was generous.  I had the big breakfast meal (bacon, sausage, peameal bacon, eggs) which was solid.  

Would like to come back and try their lunch and dinner, but only after memories of this unfortunate experience wears off.
love their food, great for lunch and breakfast....

the service is a little hit or miss but they always keep your coffee cup full-you will almost always have to ask for extra milk-but whatever.

Love having the breakfast sandwich or their pancakes-my favorite ones are no longer on the menu though :( they had apples, sour cream and honey over them SO GOOD!

Not a place for breakfast cocktails though, so don't anticipate a good bloody mary.   their sandwiches are amazing, I've had several and have never been disappointed. 

Despite the shoty service it's a great spot for breakfast or lunch so definitely give it a try.
I don't know about the best pizza I've ever eaten part. For fast good for your kids type of pizza that you have to bake yourself. I would have to say its pretty decent. They run a clean operation in the two different locations that I have been in.
i would give it a zero if i could the pizza we ordered was very good but not what we wanted we specifically ordered a deep dish pizza but they came back with 2 regular size pizza's and after telling 2 waiters that wasn't what we ordered they were very rude because and told us we should have said something before we ate a slice, keep in mind we only ate 2 slices between the 2 of us. so at this point we just ate our food and let it go, then dessert time comes  and we are members of the kaboom club so we showed our coupon and asked for one pizookie half white chocolate-half chocolate chip abd our waiter comes back with one of each, we didnt complain because it would be free anyways but it was sucha waste of food.My breaking point was when we get the c heck and were charged for one out of 2 pazookies, and   drinks, and 4 pizza i was outraged and at the end of the day the didnt even try to accomdate us considering were paying for 2 things we didnt want, but we payed for the pizza and only 2 drinks and throughout the whole process we were given the worst attitude. I would love to go back and get what i orginally order (deep dish pizza) and i would love to get it for free, if and only if that happens will i be returning to oreganos
Being new to the valley I really did not know how to find a good dentist.  I went to Dr. Miller specifically because he had such great reviews on YELP.  I am so glad that I went to his office.  The staff is so warm, friendly and caring that you truly look forward to seeing them.  As for Dr. Miller, I can not say enough about what a great dentist he is.  After so many years of dreading photos and not wanting to smile, he gave me a wonderful reason to smile.  I have had so many people comment on the difference and tell me how great I look.  I really appreciate all he did for me!
Yesterday, 4\/16\/2016 Republic Services skipped our neighborhood for pickup, bad enough they only come once a week, as mentioned previously, piss poor service.
Fantastic! Been here several times since we discovered it a couple of months ago, and we  love it. Have had the wonton soup, Thai salad, spring rolls, pot stickers, basil chicken fried rice, pad thai regular and country style. Everything has been delicious. Service is outstanding, decor is nice, and the place is spotless. Highly recommend!
F*** this place!! My sister in law went out in Westgate to celebrate her bachelorette party and went to McFaddens to celebrate and we were told that because she was wearing a veil and outfit we were "too drunk" to get in?? Screw you and your business we will NEVER be back and to all the other bachelorette parties don't go here to celebrate. Total disrespect and a big FYOU! #worstbusinessever
This used to be Sushi Club but they changed owner I believe. The staff was friendly. Sushi was pretty good. Lots of variety rolls. They had a special roll called Muscle Buster that we tried.. It had gyoza, shumai, crab meat, spicy tuna. I think I like my gyoza and shumai separately though. 

For desserts - Their fried banana ice cream was good! They also have the standard mochi, green tea and plum ice creams.
Creature Comforts takes great care of your pets and your place when you have to be away. My dog is 11, and all his life I'd either taken him with me on vacation, or left him with close neighbors who know him well. I was very nervous about leaving him with strangers, but Mark and Cindy put me at ease right from the start. They came for an initial visit (no charge) to meet the dog and get to know the situation, routine, etc. Mark was very responsive to emails before I went on my trip, and while I was away he sent pictures every day. Creature Comforts provides a great service at a great value, and they treat your pets with tons of love, allowing you to enjoy your time away. If you need a daily dog walker or help while you have to be away, go with Creature Comforts of Charlotte!
Good service this is my go to nail place! Been going here for awhile and love my nails every time!!!
New Chinese dessert place in this area! Went and tried the traditional hot desserts and they were delicious . A little bit too sweet for me but I still enjoyed it. Good portions for the price.

They also serve sago desserts and some savoury foods too!

The service was fantastic - my phone battery died and they were kind enough to let me charge my phone . Will be back to try the sago desserts.
one star! the food was gross. the chicken was chewy and inedible. the people at the table next to me were overheard complaining of their unsatisfactory meals. otherwise the place was empty. yet this restaurant regularly receives glowing reviews in local publications. why? is someone friends with journalists or what? the food is awful and the location is less than safe. 'nuff said.
My wife and I stayed there this past summer. WOW just wow. We loved the bellagio. It is right in the center of things, and the garden is beautiful. And the fountains are something to druel about. They are so beautiful at night as well. Don't bother staying anywhere else.
Very vibrant atmosphere! Had a great time here, food was delicious. Ordered the filet mignon and it required no sauce so that's a plus. I recommend the mushrooms and asparagus as sides. Service on the other hand wasn't so great. Monday's and Thursday's were half price wines so come on those days a major bonus.
What a great thoughtful company.  I really wish more places were like this one.  It one of those moments that renews your faith in humanity.  My wife and I bought medication for one of our pets.  Unfortunately she didn't make it and we had to put her down before we got the medication.  My wife called to see what could be done.  They were very nice on the phone and very sorry for our loss.  They refunded us 80% and told us to donate the medication since it might spoil on the way back.  What really made this experience special was a few days later we received a sympathy card personally signed by the staff.  Things like that truly set companies apart.  If we ever need anything again that this company sells I will defiantly give them my business.  I highly recommend this establishment.
English food and dining can be so bland but let me tell you I haven't enjoyed myself  more than the late lunch I had at the Queen Vic. Service was attentive and friendly. More so the Sausage Rolls and Scotch Eggs were tastes I have not had since I lived in Vancouver 30 years ago. We shared Steak an Kidney pie and it blew us away. The pastry dough was light and scrumptious. The meat in the light gravy sauce was right on the money. We also had to share the fish and chops. Although the beer batter was just lightly soft, the Icelandic cod was very high quality. Excellent selection of beers although we only had one each as we were well stuffed. 
The Riviera was not as worn down as I was expecting but definitely gave the full experience of late 60s early 70s Vegas!
In summary, try the English Pub food. You will be as surprised at the dining experiences as we were
Have eaten here two or three times, every time is excellent service, and excellent food. The meatloaf sandwich at Lunch is so good!
I'm always in the mood for a great deal--how about you?

In the quest to furnish our new home, we checked out all the places around.  We scouted out The Dump, Big!Lots, Fry's Marketplace, and a bunch of other places that purported to have the most for the best prices.  None of them had what I found at Best Deal Furniture.

Abed, the proprietor here, was really great, and helped us find exactly what we were looking for.  We furnished our bedroom, family room, daughter's room, and dining room, for about three grand.  This is nice, real wood furniture, some of which required assembly and some not.

In the middle of our move, we accidentally broke one of the glass table tops.  We went back to buy a replacement, and he had one sent over for free--now THAT'S good service.

Go check out his showroom.  It's big and new stuff cycles through pretty regularly.  If you want it, and you don't see it, just ask Abed--he'll see if he can order it for you.

I'm not easy to please when it comes to making big purchases, but this place has consistently made be smile with its quality and service.  It's called "Best Deal" for a reason--because it's true.  You will get great furniture, from beds to sofas to dining room tables for the best price around, and if you buy enough, Abed might give you a deal on top of the already bottomed-out price.

This place gets my full recommendation.  Go here and give this local business owner your business.  Go for the price, go again for the quality.
My friend is obsessed with Rodney's, and it's all my fault!  I introduced her to the place the last time she was in town, and now she insists on going every time she visits.  Usually we go to Rodney's Oyster House on King, but this time we decided to go to Rodney's by Bay because it was a bit more central to where we were.

As luck would have it, we showed up just in time to catch the end of their cheap app promotion.  I have to say, I think I have perfect timing when it comes to food - but as Uncle Ben once said, with great power comes great responsibility!  This is something I have to master, because we ended up ordering twice as much food as we initially intended.  Freshly shucked oysters, candied smoked salmon, mussels and clam chowder.  A feast fit for a king (perhaps Triton or Poseidon? *pardon my nerd moment)!

I'll skip over the oysters, because as always, they were amazing.  The candied salmon was a delicious combination of salty and sweet.  It also came with a small bed of greens and a blueberry compote.  I'm slowly starting to believe a fruit compote is the perfect compliment to almost anything!  The mussels were so flavourful, and the broth was amazing.  I made sure to scoop up all the bacon morsels before the bowl was taken away.  I only wished that it came with some bread so that the delicious liquid didn't go to waste. The clam chowder was incredibly hearty, and was filled with a good amount of potatoes, carrots and clams.  The soup broth was delicious, but I found the potatoes and carrots slightly bland.  It was a large serving and could have satisfied me if that was the only thing I ate.

Personally, I like the atmosphere of the location on King a bit better.  It has a more authentic (??) and fun feel to it.  And while the Bay location is not a stuffy joint by any means, it felt more like a restaurant that has oysters than being all about oysters.  That being said, both locations are great and reflect the area of Toronto that they are in, and it's really just up to personal preference.

Shuck on, friends!
I am updating this review to reflect my most recent visit. I was invited to come back to Triple George Grill in light of a previous visit on Father's day.  I came along with my son and we had a fantastic experience.  As always, the setting was formal and classy.  Our server Andrew was very attentive and engaging! Case, the manager, was inviting and accommodating, and the food, especially our steak, was exceptional! 

We made reservations for 6:45p.  Upon arriving, our Hostess was very friendly, big smile, and guided us to our seats within a minute of arriving.  

Andrew was prompt in taking our orders for drinks.  We ordered two Ice Teas, which are truly refreshing and not too sweet for this inferno weather we are experiencing in Las Vegas. I also ordered a Black Cherry Lemon Drop, which is a premiere drink.  Just the right amount of alcohol and NOT watered down.  

Once we placed our order, two Rib Eye Steaks, with Caesar Salad x2 and Bruschetta as appetizers, Case the manager came to our table and introduced himself.  Case was very friendly, inviting and demonstrated a desire to ensure patrons were having a good time.  After exchanging some pleasantries and ensuring we were enjoying our experience, Case departed and our appetizers were served within a few minutes of our order.  The Bruschetta is finger licking good! 

Then the Rib Eye was served.  All I can say is.....yum!!  I ordered mine Medium and I can say the steak here was prepared with the exact amount of redness...tender and with so much flavor. And those vegetables....i mean if I can cook vegetables like that - I'd become a vegetarian.  The texture, flavor, and seasoning was all just perfect! 

Our drinks were always topped off or new glasses kept arriving.  Then desert followed, Lemon Cake and Chocolate Indulgence. I'm a fan of Game of Thrones so I had to try Sansa's favorite.....lemon cake of course.  Rico!

Finally, I just want to thank Case, Andrew and the staff at Triple George Grill for their professionalism and attentiveness to patrons.  This experience was a reflection of my first experience at Triple George Grill - management and staff, working as a team, to provide an exceptional and quality fine dining experience.
The food isn't necessarily bad, it's just not that good.  I was highly disappointed by the size of the lamb Korma it had 5 small pieces of lamb in a very thin curry sauce, while the flavor itself wasn't bad, it was not enough to share even though we got biryani also. The biryani was not my favorite either. There's better options in the area so unfortunately I don't think I'm planning on going back which is a shame as it's so close to home. For $30 for dinner for 2, you should expect to feel pretty satisfied which we just werent.
FRANCAIS PLUS BAS
to Kristen N.: Yup and they're all like that. In my humble opinion the worse issue with breakfast restaurant are that they use shortcut. Frying rissole potatoes that's one lousy one. Having some industrial bechamel et putting mozzarella for a Florentine eggs is just wrong! You need Gruyere. Of pancake that are in fact american pancake which are way more thick and in my opinion almost taste like Eggo Waffles.  Anyway shortcuts is never the answer, otherwise you might as weel stay at home

Celui ou j'allais est fermé pour insalubrité! Et pis j'ai en horreur les resto-dejeuners qui prennent des stupides raccourcis! D'abord les pommes de terre rissolées qui sont frites m'insulte! ok c'est ben plus long sur une plaque chauffante mais la chaire est juste vraiment bonne et c'est normalement cuit au beurre salée-poivrée. L'astie de base la! Tu veux du bacon? pas de trouble, on te sert le précuit qui était déja pleinement cuit et tu te ramasses avec du bacon bien trop cuite. Ok et  les oeufs a la florentines; un classique avec de la béchamel commerciale et du cheddar. Vraiment! un peu plus et on réinvente ce que c'Est. De un y'a du Gruyere pas du cheddar, De deux une béchamel maison, est-ce vraiment trop demandé? J'accepte de payé plus de 20$ pour un déjeuner, j'Aimerais vraiment que ça soit dans le respect des choses mais Tutti frutti ont décidé de coupé des coins pour servir quelque chose de vraiment juste boff. J'ai hâte de retrouvé un resto-dejeuner qui fait du sens!
Why would I ever buy a new ink cartridge when i get get the same one refilled for half the cost! This place is a money saver, and ther service is great. Come here for your Printer needs, as they will soon be filled....The folks running the shop are very kind, and have gone out of there way to assist me in some printer troubles, which saved me alot of time. It was appreciated! Ill be back when the ink runs out!
I might be judging this place a little harsh as I grew up on this food, but I did find the chicken to be a little greasy and they charge extra for the piri piri sauce. If you are going for lunch I would recommend going a bit earlier as they do get busy between 12:15-1pm. 

Also the portions are decent so if you're not a big eater stay with the quarter chicken.
Dirty, unsafe, I'll mannered and rude management . There is environmental mold growing in all the units! Deadly. Check bathroom floors and walls
Time for a review update.  This store is very convenient for us to do some last minute shopping when we need to pick up outdoor gear, household items, or random stuff you can't find in smaller stores.

I wouldn't say we're regular patrons of this store, but we know that we can count on this place when we're looking for most items we can't find.

It's not as busy as most Walmarts, so that's a big plus.  Also, they had some ammo here....but that didn't last long, it was gone in 1 day....but at least they had some.

Will be back from time to time.

Return Factor - 60%
Yes.....my name is Eli
Yes.....I finally took my wife on a date to Eli's

The atmosphere is a nice bar\/restaurant with plenty of big screens, college football was playing everywhere and I actually finally saw a Sun Devils game for the first time....ha ha.   The service was OK, I like when I ask a server what she likes or what is popular but she gave me the same boring cliche that everything was good and nothing was ordered more than anything else (yeah right).  Anyway, my wife and I ordered the the artichoke dip which was so good we licked the bowl.  This thing tasted so good and creamy, it had to be homemade!  I also got a half order of the many sliders they have to choose from (prime rib for me) and they were great dipped in the au-jus.  I ordered the ribs with a ranch salad and the wife ordered the fish & chips (which were rated number one....by whom I have no idea)  They were both great, my ribs fell off the bone and the BBQ was great and my ranch salad was so taste (I love homemade ranch!) that I licked that plate also.  My wife thought the fish was good but I cant say that she would rave number one but I am not sure anyone else has one that is better.  

I also found out that the owners last name are Elias and they went with Eli's so dont go inside asking for Eli....it will get you no where!
This is our go-to place for delicious homemade gyros and hummus.  It is owned by a very nice couple who consistently provide excellent service and quality food.
I'm constantly on the search for a good breakfast burrito without meat... this place is a gem. Salsa is great and service is fast. Great for a grab and go and legit Mexican food.
The churros are filled and are $1.50 each. I ask for half-filled to avoid any explosions. Coated with cinnamon sugar, it will deal with any fried cravings. 

Churro cones are not too pricey at $6.50 each, and they sure bring in the crowds. You get to choose the sauce coating the churro (caramel, strawberry, choc, condensed milk), then the ice cream flavour (vanilla, choc), then more sauce on top with a topping (walnut, fruit loops, coconut). Definitely not the easiest thing to eat as the cup doesn't catch all the melting ice cream. We started eating at the unoccupied counter just 2m away and were told that the counter wasn't for eating. It's novelty, it's good, but you may get sick of it after you finish the ice cream part.
Came here on a recommendation from and friend and really liked it!

Great atmosphere and didn't have to make reservations, we were able to get a table and were given a reasonable 1.5 hour time slot before a reservation coming in. 

Love the decor it's really homy and comfortable, there is a good space and it's not too cramped. 

The service was good, attentive and fast just a little awkward. 


The pizza was just how the server described it at the beginning of our meal. It's a Neapolitan style pizza that's baked in 900 degree oven which comes out a bit charred on the sides and soft in the middle but still thin crusted. It was perfect. Our meal even came with bread to start! 

Definitely going to return here to get my pizza cravings satisfied.
We weren't sure if it was going to be good but gave it a shot and OMG... Detroit City Dog and Tijuana Dog are DELICIOUS!!!
We love Fuego Bistro and were excited to see this new version pop up in the Esplanade. It's a hip reincarnation of the bar that used to be there; great little spot and it was nice and breezy with the windows open. The food is spot on, very reminiscent of Big Brother Bistro but priced with the common man in mind. All entrees are around $10 and are perfectly portioned to eat the whole plate without feeling totally bloated and stuffed. 

Husband ordered the Pernil tacos, which were very succulent and savory. I had the baja fish tacos, which were nicely crispy and had a mildly spicy aoili. The beans and rice were also excellent. 

People have complained about the salsa, but we thought it was nicely tomatoey and garlicky with just a little heat. 

$4\/$5 beers and drinks, pretty good deal. 

Lost a star for service. Our service was terrible tonight; the waitress didn't give us a chance to order drinks when she brought us our menus, then only took my husband's drink order when she came back, then forgot to bring me my drink until my husband reminded her AFTER she brought our meals. I feel that such spotty service would have warranted a free drink at the Bistro (or anywhere). Instead she just got a skimpy tip. 

The other servers seemed to be plenty attentive, though; maybe ours was just having an off night. 

Go for the food, drinks, and cute location.
The new facility is very nice, with one main stadium and lots of practice fields. The stadium prices are a bit expensive for Spring Training though. There is some shade in the section around home plate, but the outer flanks and outfield are in the hot sun. The berm (lawn) areas offer great views of the field. If you go to a game, I'd go for those tickets, but any seat at the stadium is good. The concessions have several beer options from Pyramid to Fat Tire and of course the yellow-water domestics. There are a few misting fans to help cool off around the stadium but only one fan was actually spraying water mist. 

Thumbs down for not allowing in and out privileges at the main stadium. I would have liked to check out the practice fields during the middle of the game but this is not allowed.

The Dodgers have a yellow rope to control the perimeter of where visitors can go while the Sox don't. You can still get pretty close to the fields though. Manny happened to be doing some BP while I was there so that was cool. You can walk around the facility for free (only the main stadium costs money to get in) so you may catch a free minor league game. The north side parking lot is $5.
I made a reservation for my first Mother's Day and we arrived 10 minutes early. We were told there was an hour wait due to the kitchen being backed up on a fixed menu. What is the point of a reservation if you still have to wait an hour. We didn't wait because I could only imagine the horrible service and other problems we would have encountered. Disappointing for me and embarrassing for them.
Came in over the weekend and purchased my first vape set ever. the ipv mini with Atlantis tank for myself and a Eleaf istick with a kanger tank for a gift. Must say that Jon was very knowledgable and friendly. Taught me everything I needed to know from charging, and replacement parts for the future. Juices I got were melon ball, fruit loops, and watermelon rancher( my fav!). All level 6nicotine. Yes, my New Years resolution was to finally quit smoking. So far so good!  I will definitely keep coming back and recommend any first and old time vape users! Prices were very reasonable compared to other local vape shops I visited.
I have been seeing Dr. White for 20+ years.  He is a wonderful, caring dentist.  Even when I moved to Charlotte for a couple of years I would always drive up North to keep my appointments with Dr. White.  If you are looking for a new dentist, look no further than to Dr. White and his friendly professional staff.  They are wonderful people!
This is my daily coffee shop because I work close by. It is a ridiculously busy especially before the hospital opens. They are usually pretty efficient though. I don't love this location for studying because it does tend to be noisy. Pastry tends to be fresh and baristas are nice. Parking does sometimes get packed but you can find street parking.
Really hip atmosphere. The vietnamese wings and bone marrow are my favourite.
I had read good things about the coffee at Pour Cleveland and I was not let down.  

It's a pour over coffee shop, so each cup is brewed, individually.  It takes a little bit longer, but the wait is worth it!  I didn't exactly know what I wanted (they have several options, French Press, Chemex, etc), so the gentleman behind the counter just asked if I wanted him to pick for me. I'm glad he did.  The coffee was robust and delicious and very fresh.  I wish I could make coffee like that at home.

They have a small amount of bakery items (Cookies, bagels, coffee cake, bread, etc).  I ended up getting a piece of their homemade apple walnut bread and it was outstanding.  A large enough slice I couldn't finish it all.

Prices were a little on the high side.  It was about $7 for the coffee and bread, but the quality of the items made it worth it.

The inside is smaller, but very cool.  Sit by the front windows, enjoy some great coffee and people watch.  It makes for a great morning!
Someone recommended the Pipe Doctor to someone else on Facebook just when I needed a plumber to fix a pressure valve.  I had received some pretty expensive quotes to replace the valve.  I call Pipe Doctor, after a couple of emails exchanged, they suggest that it could be repaired.  Sure enough, Pipe Doctor repaired the valve at a fraction of the cost.  They did not replace it, which they easily could have recommended.   I would highly recommend them to everyone!! 623-869-6436  Call them first!!
My wife is Japanese and -- after visiting the few that exist -- this is the only Japanese market she'll go to in Metro Phoenix.

New Tokyo Food Market needs a new name probably (wife thinks calling a Japanese market "New Tokyo" is lame sauce), but inside... it's the real deal. Good selection and friendly staff.

Careful though before making the trip: closed on Tues and Weds.
Had lunch at Kona Grill yesterday. Had a really good time since it was happy hour. Good deals. We ordered the shrimp tempura roll, voodoo roll, and avocado egg roll. My friend loved the voodoo egg roll and will order it again the next time we go. LOVED the avocado egg rolls - good proportions and the sun-dried tomatoes added a nice touch.
You get what you expect here...dirty delicious indigestion inducing Tex Mex! Love me some Tex Mex food covered in cheese occasionally, and this is where I like to go for that. Fun atmosphere, tasty food, fair prices, generous amounts, what's not to like. Please bring any digestion aides if you're prone to that, you'll thank me later.
CARDINAL AND GOLD

Whenever you relocate to another community,  there are specific care and service professionals who are essential in making your transition complete. Hairstylist, manicurist,  physical trainer, physician, and dentist. All these professionals are important in keeping you healthy and happier. The process is not perfect meaning it takes time and willingness to make changes when the service doesn't meet your expectations.

This dental practice is not in a fancy highrise. You park your vehicle within a few feet of their front door. Single story building shared with an oral surgeon group. Walk directly into their cardinal colored carpeted and furnished wait room.  Do the usual sign in sheet and take a seat. Some visits they see you post haste. Other times no more than twenty minutes or less. Whats behind the semi translucent door is the gold.

We've been coming to Warm Spring Dental going on ten years. There were referred by our primary family physican who also sees them.  Sometimes we run into each other and say hi. 

The gold behind the door is the highly skilled and compassionate group of full time dental hygienists and the dentists who happened to all graduate from USC Dental School. As a group they have an advantage of staying on top of the latest dental technology including investing in the latest gadgets that would benefit their patients.

Over the years they have corrected most of my previous dental work by other dentists. Learned the expensive way that there are a few dentists out there who will compromise professional integrity and your health for profit. Putting it another way they'll utilize shortcuts.

There are many honest and patient loving dentists out there; we are most fortunate to have Warm Springs Dental.
In the modern world, it is difficult to believe a restaurant cannot split checks with parties of six or more. Frankly, that is just laziness and a complete lack of concern for the customer. When addressed to the server, he responded "I'll sleep easy tonight either way."  

The mac and cheese was very good. The steaks were average. As addressed above, the experience was poor due to their seemingly anti-customer attitude. In fact, the bottom of the menu is littered with multiple disclaimers that go against the customer. It gets two stars only because the music and the ambiance are great. If they would just shift their focus to a more customer friendly one, this place would rate four stars easily. 

UPDATE: I lowered it to one star because of the condescending response below. That was exactly the attitude of the server when we politely asked about splitting the check. This place treats its customers like they are an annoyance.
Dr nishihara is absolutely horrible and unprofessional.  He talkes to his patients in a very disrespectful, blunt, rude and demeaning way! One goes to a dr to be treated with dignity and respect, and to receive medical service not to be talked down to like you are a 5 year old. Terrible!
I love going here its something for everyone. I love going to have to live band and people watch!
This is our standby for the nights that we don't feel like cooking. We get the same things every time because they're solid and delicious: 

Hot wings. They seriously have some of the best wings in CLE. 
Pepperoni pizza, thick crust, with diablo sauce (its a must if you like things spicy)
Grilled chicken salad - I don't know how a restaurant manages to make such good salad, but the fresh ingredients are always perfect. 

We always get takeout. The staff is mostly young high school and college girls...and definitely leaves something to be desired in terms of service. Can't go wrong with carry out though.
Have been here multiple times for ultrasounds and imaging.  Many locations in the valley.  Super professional staff and spot on billing department.
Nice decoration and lighting. The outdoor sittings is beautiful too. The food is delicious. Must try The salads and tacos. They have the best margaritas in all Scottsdale. The service is excellent. Their servers are well trained. The manager checks on the customers occasionally. I'd def go back and recommend it to all.
AMAZING! I swear they never disappoint 
Side note: if you don't like flan, try Chef Paco's flan!! This dish will literally change your mind because it changes the game! And there's 2 flavored! Chocolate and original!

Great venue. 24hrs! Non GMO! What more can u ask for?? 
#vivaeldorado
Totally mediocre. I went on a Saturday night, so they should have been at the top of their game. Based on reviews, I was expecting something wonderful. I had the caesar salad which was delicious except for the pretzel croutons which were too tough to chew. Then I had the shrimp risotto. Only three little shrimp! The shrimp were good but the risotto was not. It was cold and the sauce tasted like Chef Boy'rD. My friend's broccoli side order was not put in right away so it came after the meal. It was tasty but it was strange to eat it like a dessert. 

There were lots of servers standing around talking to each other. They seemed bored, waiting for food to come out of the kitchen. I asked for a napkin because I didn't have one at my place setting and it took a long time to come. I should have just grabbed one from the next table.  

Anyway, I was so annoyed by the whole experience that I used my phone while we were waiting for broccoli to make a reservation at another restaurant for the next day.

The ambiance is nice, quiet enough to have a conversation. Oddly, there is a TV in the dining area but not in the bar.

Maybe the pizza would have been better. I saw some at another table and it looked good. But with so many restaurants in Vegas, you can do better.
This was my first time attending the festival.  While there were many good craft beers to try, maneuvering the festival was down right miserable.  Festival management has room to improve for next year.

Parking was a total cluster.  Seemed as though they only made sure enough space existed for the expected participation level, but forgot to think about the efficiency of traffic flow.  The walk to the festival entrance from the parking was a road trip and a half without the use of your car.

Line efficiency was non-existant.  Most breweries offered 2-4 options and were not efficient at delivering.  Often many beer servers\/pourers had to toggle back and forth\/change places in order to serve the requested brew.  Lines were on average 30-40 people long.  So, you grabbed a pour and went to stand in the next line of interest.  Not the relaxing and fun experience that I was looking forward to.  

They offer a single small plastic tasting cup.  In every other tasting event I've attended there were rinsing stations with water and\/or napkins.  Without the ability to taste each beer without remnants of the previous, it becomes difficult to evaluate theeach unique flavor profile.

It was very hot and icky, and there was an extreme shortage of shade or shelter.  The bathroom sitch was strictly gross port-o-potties.    

I want to love this local event more, but there were too many variables overlooked that put the customer in the 'zone of pain'.  Now if this event were cheap of free I would have overlooked the shortcomings, but is in fact neither.
I'm always hunting for great tacos, and this place has them! Lots of meat and lots of flavor. I tried my husband's beans and those were very good as well. It's tucked into a plaza so you can't see it from the road - definitely worth stopping in!
I'm a big fan of southern style barbecue. Nothing beats deliciously tender, well seasoned meat that has been smoked for hours. I've had barbecue in Kansas, South Carolina, Georgia and Florida (amongst other places). Well, I can say that John Lattuca has nothing to envy from the most famous pitmasters!

His brisket was one of the best I've had in my life. Seasoned to perfection, it was tender and flavourful. So much that I didn't need to drench it in sauce.

His beef ribs were awesome as well. I'm not usually a big fan of beef ribs, I prefer babyback pork ribs. I think that's because most places I've had them, they are not tender and hard to eat. Here, it wasn't the case. They were melting and simply perfect.

I had taken the Trinity, but unfortunately that day I couldn't taste the pork ribs, they weren't ready. Sadly, I'll have to go back :-)

My only complaint would be the sides that came with the Trinity plate. The barbecue beans were excellent, the mac n' cheese however was fairly blend and uninteresting. I would have preferred a slaw, for a fresher\/brighter note with the meat, and a little bun (because bread).

But overall, an excellent meal, with a generous portion of meat, for a very reasonable price. It was well worth the 30 minutes roundtrip from the office. I'll be back!
This place reminds me of fast food chain restaurant where food are served on the go and at an affordable pricing. The dishes were mediocre at best and the gyudon which is the store's signature dish falls short of expectation. The beef were a bit on the salty side and there were too much rice with too little beef. By the time we worked through half of the bowl, there were only rice left. I've had much better gyudon at other parts of the city.
Went for their Friday fish fry. Found the fish tasteless and service slow. Cole slaw was good. Was busy so the room was really noisy and claustophobic. Not sure anyone has as many tv's though. May try again some other day and menu item - but maybe not. Average.
I was interested in adding a strap to a dress that I didn't have extra fabric for so I was on the hunt. I came across The Fabric Place and while I had a hard time finding reviews I took the plunge and went. There were two women who were working, one of whom presumably was the owner. I showed the latter my dress and what I wanted to do. She told me honestly she didn't have the fabric to match and that a strap wouldn't look so great if it didn't match. However I think she saw the disappointment in my face and presented some other options to humor me. Because of her candidness, I would go back to The Fabric place if I find myself in a similar situation.
I come here all the time, admittedly because my building is directly next to it. The food is much better than you would expect from this type of bar (while maybe slightly overpriced) and service is usually really good. In fact, the busier it gets the better the service! Really fun, chill atmosphere. I have been going here at least once a week for over a year and have never had a complaint.

Today I made a to-go order for the first time because I was craving All American's sweet potato fries (they are incredible) and they told me my order would be ready in 10 minutes. They took a longer than ten minutes, and didn't charge for the order because of the delay.

I didn't think I could ever love this place more than I already did!
Great location, you can bike right up too it...lawn is awesome and well layed out.  Bathrooms and concessions are right there.
Found the place on yelp and very very happy to have found it. The portions are large and the food is fantastic and fresh. Be prepared to stand in line.
What an amazing find for delicious, flavorful mexican food. They have several types of salsas from fiery habanero to mild pico and they serve  fried jalapenos with chips - all complementary. We ordered black bean soup and veggie fajitas and devoured our meal. The host and servers were very nice and friendly. My only constructive feedback is that please add chicken broth free rice to your menu for vegetarians. We will definitely visit again on our next vegas vacation
Mark gets every stain out of my carpet which keeps my old carpets looking new! With three dogs and two teenage girls, this is quite the job!!!
Frisch zubereitet, sehr lecker. Cheggburger ist richtig gut und nicht so wie jeder x beliebige Bürger.
Our office (18 people) went for our Christmas dinner.  The service was great....which we found out was because they thought we had to "get out fast to go see the Nutcracker".  We never mentioned anything about the Nutcracker, but it got us good service.  We had to order more than a week in advance.  They put us at 2 tables back to back so we couldn't socialize.  There was a little sunken area next to us that was never used the entire time we were there.  They said it couldn't hold all of us but I call bull.  They could've rearranged the tables to make it work.  It was very loud and very pricey. The drinks especially, were really expensive.  My husband liked the lamb, but my salmon was overcooked and the sides were bizzare. We all agreed that it was not worth the price and we won't be back.
We all know that this location is the worst location and has the worst manager and staff people who continue to cheat with baby portions and overcharge the customers.  They still do not serve steak in the Steak Nachos without sour cream, pico de gallo, crumbs from the tortilla chips at the price of $7 plus tax.  They only put about 2 tablespoons of refried beans on top of the crumbly tortilla chips.  Again the manager was so rude she wanted to make it right by giving me a side of beans with sour cream but no steak or pico de gallo.  You are not suppose to put sour cream on beans, I've seen other customers with cheese on top.  The manager is an incomprehensible female illiterate.
First of all, I must say upfront that even though I am Asian, I do not care for rice and don't eat sushi. I do however LOVE Sashimi and other Japanese dishes. 

On of my co-workers told us about this little hidden gem and we opted to go for the late night Happy Hour (after 10pm)  one evening after work. We were able to call ahead and reserve seats at the Sushi bar and were promptly seated as soon as we arrived.

First up: Endamame .. the server offered the standard version with salt, or the "garlic" version. We got the garlic and it was delicious. Just the right amount of saltiness, garlic with a touch of spiciness from the sweet chili sauce. So good and we'll definitely be ordering this again! Another hit, surprisingly, was the Popcorn Scallops. Though the morsels of scallops are rather small, the sauce (kind of an orangy and spicy blend) is delish. We ordered a second round of this one. .

The sushi chef recommended several items from their menu board of specials. The Japanese Yellowtail was super fresh and tasty. I would have preferred thinner slices and will remember to request that they do that the next time. 

My co-workers' favorite in terms of Sushi and rolls was the Kiss of Fire Roll, 
with spicy soft shell crab, cucumber, shrimp tempura on the inside and spicy soft shell crab, yellowtail, spicy ponzu, spicy and eel sauce on the outside. 

We also tried the Sake Sampler and though I am not huge on Sake .. the Apple flavored one was quite yummy and something I could drink .. it reminded me of a Jolly Rancher but in liquid form ;) 

The guests seated next to us at the bar were ordering their rolls and sushi with brown rice, a nice option that this venue offers. The happy hour pricing is reasonable, and the food is tasty. Be sure to call ahead if you want to sit at the sushi bar or if you have a larger party as they attract a nice-sized crowd for the late hour.
My husband and I thought we would try a new bbq restaurant for our anniversary and was very upset with our choice. We were told the meat was smoked for 14 -18 hours by one waiter and 6 hours by the bar tender which we were a little confused by. We ordered the family meal so we could taste multiple items from the menu......we were not impressed at all. The meat did not have a smoked taste to it at all. It tasted like the meat was boiled and maybe  smoked for an hour. Very disappointing. The bbq sauce takes like a cheap sauce you can got at the grocery store. The mac & cheese tasted like they made it with the kraft cheese that comes in the plastic. Yuck.....The best part of the whole meal was the donuts at the very end. I do not  recommend this restaurant if you are look for some bbq. We will not be returning.
I often visit little Korea to eat at Korean Village, always passing by and never noticing how fabulous this place is. Went here with some of my girlfriends for brunch on a Sunday a couple weeks ago.

Although we had to wait for about an hour, we didn't mind because we read reviews that it is often packed. It is a small restaurant but it's cozy. There's still enough leg room to enjoy a meal. 

My girlfriends and I were in brunch bliss after taking our first bites into our meals. The service was fast and the waitress was efficient and knowledgable about the menu. They did run out of the "scotch-ish" eggs but we understood seeing that we did arrive pretty late for lunch (it was around 3 when we were seated). I still enjoyed my heavenly beef sausage sandwich. Since my girlfriends and I love to dine, we ordered the Strawberries n Cream waffles for dessert - also fantastic.

The prices were very reasonable (12 for the sandwich and 10 for the waffles). Definitely a delicious and great brunch place in the city. Can't wait to back to try something else.
I really wish Za's had more locations!  It's cheap, the food is pretty good, and the service is sooo quick!

There are usually a million people there, and it's a great place to eat with friends.
This is a bit of a belated review - we dined at Ellis Island last month.

The casino itself is kind of depressing.  It reminded me of a Lucky Lil's (a casino\/convenience store chain) that you would find in rural Montana.  Or maybe a older, run down, tribal-owned casino somewhere in the Midwest.  I don't know - just depressing.

The walk from Bally's was long and hellish (yes, I'm talking to you, mentally unstable guy talking loudly to yourself), but we thought we'd walk a bit to build up an appetite.

We also saw some poor bastard drive his car over an abutment right in front of one of Las Vegas' finest.  He ripped up the undercarriage of his car AND got a Dewey.  Daily double!

I was about ready to abort the visit when I smelled the ribs.  Oh.  My.  God.  Those ribs smelled awfully good.  Unfortunately it was too cold to dine outside, so we found a table inside (which was...depressing).

The ribs were pretty much outstanding, the beer was cheap, and our party of two got out of there for $32 (includes $8 tip).   Cheap.  The ribs had a lot of sauce on them, much of which I was wearing for the rest of the evening.

It's worth the trip if you like cheap and good food.  I don't mind lower end places ---  I usually stay on Fremont, for God's sake!  I just didn't care for the atmosphere here.  Just me, I guess.
Spinato's adds 18 percent gratuity, in addition to a delivery charge, to delivered orders. No matter how good their product is, there is no justification for that, and they don't deserve your business.
The chicken ain't cheap, but neither is the beer...

Oh, and my wife got the deep fried pickles and they were GROSS. The pickles were very slimy and for a minute I thought I was eating food that someone had spit on... Maybe I was.. Bleh!
The PO Boy was delicious! ; but it was expensive and it didn't come with sides. The place is small, very personal, and the  workers weren't the most welcoming.
BOO!!! Did I scare you?! If I did, this company is probably not for you. If not, Amandine and her knack for weaving eerie stories on the Hidden and Haunted tour will surely make the hair on the back of your neck stand up and send shivers down your spine. We four poor souls ventured into the dark abyss beneath our feet with Amandine as our fearless captain to get an up close look at the Edinburgh of yore and to hear tales of those who used to reside there....and those who still do. Though only three of us made it back from the vaults (we never really liked the fourth guy anyway), the experience was absolutely worth it!
I am very impressed with the customer service I received from Carpet Monkey.  They were very professional, kind, and competent.  I would definitely use their services again. 

The carpet in my rental property smelled like a dog. The carpet monkey team came in and cleaned the carpet, removed portions of the carpet pad, and replaced it with new padding. The job was well done and the service was excellent.
Beer was decent. Unique options, nothing too outstanding. Food is above normal bar food quality. Four Peaks is superior IMO, but this isn't bad. Nice area: nice location to walk around on for date night. Service was friendly and helpful, offered free samples of beer and advice. LARGE portions: the nachos alone filled me and my girlfriend up. Pricey: two beers, an appetizer, and two entrees was about $45. Good music over the radio. Food came quickly, even around 10pm. Stop serving at 11!
We were so excited to go here! We waited outside for it to open, and a staff member came out to put out the OPEN sign. I noticed she smelled really bad, like... Strong chemicals? Bad Detergent? Or,... Toilets? But stronger and worse. I hoped the inside of the restaurant wouldn't smell bad too. We pulled back the noren and stepped up and inside - 

What is this smell?!?!?!?!!!!?

It was so gross!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The waitress was explaining how they were booked up with reservations all night, but we could sit at the counter, and all I could think was,

What the hell is this disgusting smell?!?!?!?!

I thought, well, maybe we can order something to go, but even my husband, who's rarely on my side when I say a place smells and I want to leave, even he said, no, let's just leave.  

残念！店が臭いからそこで食べられないなんて、みっともない。

I have no idea how people can stand to eat there. 不思議過ぎる。
Went to a 2:00 show at Herberger Theater. On our walk from parking lot we stopped to eat at Canyon Cafe. Loved the raspberry margarita, variety of chips and enjoyed our tacos. Yummy, felt a rush of happiness. My husband sneezes after a good meal and this actually was a 5 sneezer!
Came to this restaurant a few weeks ago. Parking was difficult to find, with the restaurant being on Main St. Markham, but eventually found a spot in a parking lot behind the restaurant. 

This place was packed and the layout is rather cramped with most of the tables being in a row, 2 feet from each other - you could easily hear the table-beside-you's conversation aka not the best place to take a date or nefariously scheme.

I ordered the Udon Carbonara, as it is one of the most talked about dishes on Yelp. It was pretty good, but not life-changing. I'd give it a 7\/10. It tastes like normal pasta but with the thick udon noodles in a cream sauce. I guess the texture is unique, but it was only slightly better than the kraft dinner I make at home.

The service was pretty standard as well. 

Overall, this place is pretty overhyped. Still good, but failed to Inspire me.
First off I no nothing about fashion or suits so I was very happy when I walked in and showed where my size would be and very quickly assisted with finding the right suit for my needs! I would highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a suit!! The prices are excellent an the staff is knowledgeable and Top notch!! Also tailored for me as I was checking out!! If you are looking for a suit you must go here!!!
Everything bagels are super delicious and pretty cheap. Variety of cream cheeses to choose from. This won't disappoint like ever. Bagels themselves are crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside and very flavorful. I don't know how they do it
This is truly the best vinyl records store in Toronto for underground electronic music both new and vintage releases. Yes, there are other record stores in town but they more oriented on pop music. The selection is very impressive! You can find really rare vinyl only records if you dig enough! Of course there have modern pop and classic also. All kinds of music you will find there.
The staff is very helpful and friendly and extremely knowledgeable about records they have and the underground music overall. 
They also have any types of dj and music production gear.
I always have great pleasure being there, communicating with other people and of course digging the best records in the world!
The salad  was amazing. I am not even a salad person and I was extremely impressed.. If you want a salad try this place out.. They also have nice outdoor seating.
Only giving it 1 star because I can't give it zero. Horribly dirty and really poor service. We had to ask another server to get our kid's drinks. Our server then came by 10 minutes later and said she would grab them! We told her we didn't need them anymore. Never dine here!
I came here on a weekend with my friend. We booked an appointment at 2:30PM for two people with Tina. We arrived a bit late, but there were no problems.

Although the salon was not always occupied by patrons, there was a steady flow of customers coming in. We were seated and attended to promptly.

Tina is a fantastic stylist. She listened to what I wanted (she giggled at how I wanted my hair even shorter than it was!) and immediately started working. It's a very busy salon, but you can tell that Tina knows what she is doing. It was a 15 minute haircut and exactly what I was looking for. You don't get any better than this!

My friend also received an excellent haircut, though he wished he had cut more off. All in all I thought Gondola was a great experience. During my haircut, Tina actually had to tend to a different client. I did not mind though, we did arrive slightly late. It was just unexpected and I was left hanging for a few minutes. We each paid $10+tips and left satisfied. I would definitely return as a regular.
Chows is a splendid little buffet with a pleasant and warm decor. It has a south sea feel with bamboo dominant theme.
The decode is clear and pleasant. 5\/5

I am visually impaired and require some assistance with navigating buffets. The staff was both helpful, cheerful, and accommodating.
Staff 5\/5

The food selection is limited due to physical space constraints.
Food selection 3\/5

Food quality is par to good for buffet fare
Food quality 4\/5

They are licensed.

The value is par for the course. 3\/5

Overall 4\/5.
When you walk into Cottage Cafe, you forget your in Sin City, you forget your only a stonesthrow from the Vegas Strip.............  I love that about this restaurant.

The food is fantastic.  I have eaten at many Ethiopian Restaurants and the food here is authentic and delicious.  The Awaze Beef Tibs ($8.90) are our favourite, paired with the Vegetarian Combo ($9.90)
And talk about value for money!! for 2 people who can eat large, you can be FULL off $20 with a doggy bag to take home.  
You cant find or beat that anywhere near the Strip. 

We will be regulars here.
I've been ordering from here for a few weeks now and love it! Chef Rob always has amazing meals and provides me with different meal options every week. Very good customer service and great tasting\/healthy food! I definitely recommend this place!
Very good, fresh sodas. I really liked the apricot soda on tap. The meatball appetizer was ok, but great hangout atmosphere.
I really-really-really want to try the one in NY, but I'll settle for the Las Vegas spot. The Frrrozen Hot Chocolate was amazing and I was so glad that I shared it with my girl. I really cannot say much as we got it to go and sat outside to enjoy amongst laughter and silliness. 

Definitely ache for the real place.
We eat here often, always with kids, and they never disappoint. Portions are good, especially after a long run, and the service is usually fast. Will we be back? You betcha
I had shared the Ruben melt and the Pastrami Melt along with the garlic Knots, reasonable, I'll be back.
Being new to CLT I asked for a recommendation for a stylist. Carmen Carmen in Dilworth was recommended but I decided to try the Ballantyne location for convenience. The stylist was nice and I really liked the cut and color. I paid for the services, bought a few Aveda products and tipped. The next day they called me several times asking me to call the salon. When I finally spoke to them, they said they hadn't charged me for an extra bowl of color or for a toner and wanted my credit card number. I was shocked. I have no problem paying for these things but I was never told I was incurring these charges and was put off by there tactics after they made a mistake. I paid but found this in extreme bad taste for a salon that is trying hard to be high end. Sadly I probably will not return based on this experience. I hope the forty dollars was worth it.
This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas.  For all around value, vibe, opportunity, and proximity, this place has all the other places beat.  I love the energy here.  Fun and great things happen here.   I have stayed here several times during the past year and the year before and it continues to be a fantastic experience.

Last Friday I went to the Justin Timberlake and Friends concert at the Planet Hollywood auditorium and it was fantastic.  It was a benefit for Shiner's hospital.  We got our tickets last minute from one of the travelocity concierge's working in the lobby for half what the women behind us paid.  It was an amazing show with about ten different high profile acts that came to help Justin raise money for the Shiners.  Leona Lewis, Boys to Men, the Johnas brothers, the under my umbrella-please don't stop the music pop diva from Barbados (I can't think of her name.. oh yes Rihanna), and even Lionel Richie showed up to do a few songs before Justin did a full concert.  It lasted from 9PM to 1AM.  The venue was perfect.  The lighting and acoustics were amazing and I only had to take the elevator downstairs from the North tower and walk through the circle bar to get to it!  

I like the spa and fitness area here too.  It helps me sweat out the toxins and fight off the fat that comes from enjoying all the great restaurants that are near and part of the millennium mile complex.  The pool area is massive and fun.  The price is usually pretty good.  I usually stay in decent sized standard deluxe room here and it is fine.  This time I crashed a party down the hall in one of the hospitality suites.  It was fantastic.  Amazing views of the Paris Eiffel tower and the Bellaggio water show and of course free food and drink from my would-be hosts!  I would love to be able to stay in one of these suites one day.. maybe if I hit the jack pot during my next trip.
I love you, Planet Hollywood!
Dinner with my SisStars. I ordered the smokehouse chicken sandwich and tater tots. Both were prepared well but the tater tots were a rare treat! The bread prior to dinner tasted good but was so hard, I actually felt it was ridiculous to have even served it! They tried three times to bring softer bread and failed each time. Over all, a strong 3 stars.
We purchased an RV at a show.  They said it would be detailed and fully checked over before we picked it up, it of course had tons of people in it that weekend and there was some damage to a cabinet on the glide.  They said they needed to order a new glide 6-8 weeks.  OK we would pick it up before then and keep track of other issues.  They called when we were on our way to pick it up to say the speakers were not working and they needed to order a new one, did we still want to pick it up?  Yes, we picked up our new trailer and took it out the next weekend.  The water heater didn't work and the face plate on the door lock had come off.  Took it back when the stereo came in.  They replaced the face plate, the stereo and found out that the bypass system was not disabled to the water heater so that's why it didn't work.  This was something that should have been checked the first time.  My husband went to pick it up, he had an appt, but there was no one to help back up to hitch.  There was another customer there and they helped each other.  When he got home the water heater works, but the sound system does not.  CD's keep getting kicked out.  After researching the web we find out there is a screw on the back that needs to be removed after transport\/before installation.  Had to remove the stereo from the cabinet and remove the RED TAG that said remove screw before installation.
Also we find out they still haven't ordered the cabinet face, turns out they don't need the whole glide, (go figure) and now it will still be 6 - 8 weeks out.   The service here is very slipshot, the receptionist is very short on the phone and you have to wait hours or never for a return call from you service person.  
Won't be shopping there again next time I want to upgrade.
I was all excited about El Toro moving closer to my house...and then I went there.  For lunch.  At 1pm on a Sunday.  And there was absolutely ZERO parking.  One of the nice things about the old El Toro was the humongous parking lot--even when it was packed with people inside, there was always a place to park.  Irritating, but I was willing to look past it.

The new El Toro is, in a word, cavernous.  Where the old one was cavernous-but-packed-like-sardines sort of way, this one is just full of space.  It's nice that you're not all up on the table next to you.  When paired with the shellacked, corporate decor of the new location, however, the ambiance is sorely lacking.  I felt like I was eating at a big, faceless Mexican restaurant that you would find in a suburb of Madison or some other larger city.  It was just...personality-less.

This is not to mention that they have changed up the menu.  I loved their salsa for the garlicky flavor, but what I was served did not taste the same anymore.  One of my friends always gets some sort of chicken nachos, and he said that this, too, was different.  Sad.

That said, El Toro still has ginormous portions on the cheap, and I'm sure the booze still works.  The service is still uber-efficient and attentive (you'll get new baskets of chips so fast your head will spin).  I think I'll give another location a try next time, though.
7PM, St. Patty's Day 2015 and no Corned Beef? SERIOUSLY!? Tells you all you need to know.
Sushi was good but not amazing and for the price it should have been spectacular. Good service and decent crowd. Really expensive!
Jay was excellent to work with.  I have a strict work schedule, was working on a relatively low budge ($45-$75k), and wanted to find properties on a public transit line to my place of work.  Jay was extremely accommodating for my work schedules, showing me properties on weekday evenings and weekends, and sometimes we would only view single properties at a time.  Because I had very specific property needs, I ended up viewing approximately 10 properties in a variety of locations---Jay even often provided transportation to and from sites.  Most importantly, Jay was very thorough in pointing out potential pitfalls for properties, such as water damage, electrical problems, roofing issues, etc. that I would likely have not otherwise noticed as a first-time home buyer.  I cannot emphasize enough how helpful this was in saving me both time and money.  Rather than rush me into a sale, Jay was very patient and made sure that I found a home that met my requirements while still requiring as little work as possible.  Once I made an offer on a house Jay helped me every step of the way working with lenders and the seller, while also recommending potential home\/sewage inspectors, contractors, title companies, etc.  I did pay a brokerage fee but that was due to the very low sale price of the house.  I would absolutely recommend Jay, particularly for first-time home buyers.
On time-always called to confirm arrival- very professional -workmanship was excellent- results was above expectation.
the best in the valley!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wasn't impressed, the salsa tasted out of a jar, they don't bother asking if you want corn or flour tortillas, the seasoning was just a bit bland for my Chicago taste buds Great place for drinks and to socialize , have to try again to give it another chance.
Despite being cash only (what year is this?) and some of the other patrons smelling so disgustingly and strongly of smoke that I was wondering where they were hiding their lit butts, the waitress was incredibly kind and helpful and the food was exactly what I expected: breakfasty, tasty, and dirt cheap.
Good and fast.  If you need a quick fix on some Chinese this is the spot.  Friendly service.  Try the chicken and broccoli.
On my way to get a haircut, I was sidetracked by a quick look down at my hands. My adventures in being manly by replacing a car battery had done a number on my nails and I couldn't possibly be seen going to a Tori Amos concert looking all a mess. Since Bien Nail (it means "good" in French) was a few suites down, I decided to go in and have them fix me up. The manicure was your standard mani--file, soak, clip, file, buff, polish. It cost $12. But I didn't feel compelled to maintain conversation, which was tops because "Cops" was on the television. 

I plan on going back for a mani\/pedi soon, because some times you just need to spend money on yourself to feel attractive...and I definitely need that as of late. 

Hours 
Mon-Sat: 9:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. 
Sunday: 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
Walk in welcome
Love this place! Super friendly staff, always helpful, whenever I take my kids inside they offer to let my kids pet the bunnies. Which is always a big hit! 

Today, I had my 3 kids in the car and tried the drive through window. It was AWESOME! I didn't have to get out or anything, they were able to pull up my acct and go get our usual stuff for me. And they were super friendly and helpful, loading it for me. Such a great place!
I went there yesterday, made an appointment with Esther. I only trust her to cut my bfs hair and mine. I do my highlights every 3 to 4 months over there too, it's high quality service for a very very affordable price. I'm very happy they are in my neighborhood!!!!
Not a very good bang for your buck. The steaks at the keg are far superior in my opinion.
I really love this place. The shwarma's are beyond amazing taste. I always get good service and have been a regular customer for years. The sauces they use is what make it special. Always juicy and full of flavour. Get it with black olives and feta a must.
Got a nice table and chairs here just before the holidays - just in time to receive visitors!   We are still enjoying the furniture.  Reasonable price and great people here.
I stopped in on Monday in the middle of the day there were two employees each with a customer. They asked what I wanted and I said a pedicure. They said nothing further, I sat and waited for 15 minutes and still nothing was said. Another woman walks in and clearly knows the nail technician and said "Hi (whatever her name was), are you busy should I come back later?". Then they proceeded to tell her to have a seat and began doing her nails. I got up and left since still no one said anything to me. Plus the place was gross. Don't waste your time going here!
Definitely came simply for the fact of the Harry Potter theme, but loved the coffee and servers! The two girls working were so sweet and funny, making our time enjoyable. My coffee was great. I got the Nutella latte hot and it was creamy and smooth! Loved it! It's far from me, but whenever I'm around I will definitely be back =)
My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a second try. We had previously been to another location. The review I am giving is based upon what we ordered. My boyfriend was craving hash so he ordered corn beef hash with scrambled eggs. I wanted an omlette but they don't make omlettes. I thought this was strange. So I ordered a healthy option scrambled egg whites with peppers and mushrooms which was supposed to come with assorted fruit.  OK so the hash wad a big disappointment.  It was only shredded corned beef over wedged potatoes with a little cheese. Not what we expected. Mine egg whites with mushrooms came with red peppers which I didn't really expect. They should probably specify that the peppers are red not green because they taste very different. Instead of an assortment of fruit, my meal came with a watermelon wedge and two orange slices? Eh. They use watermelon wedges and orange slices as garnish on their drinks do I got a side of garnish. We didn't order specialty drinks but saw a few pass by and they looked good. Also saw a really large sandwich pass by us. Maybe you just have to know what to order at this place  a large OJ was $5.99. This place was over priced for us and I doubt we will be back,  though the service was good.
My lady and I shared a pizza and pasta. Both were meatless and very tasty. The food took an unusually long time but the quality made up for it.
I have eaten at Cha Da Thai several times and really enjoyed the food. It is some of the best Thai food in town. The ambiance is nice too, and the owners are friendly.

Normally, this would be enough for me to give a five star review, but I can't because the service is awful. My most recent visit was not a good experience at all. It took a very long time for someone to take my order, the food took forever, and it also took forever to pay. When my curry was finally ready, one of the servers struggled to get the dish to me, as she had no idea who had ordered it. There seemed to be a general lack of attention to detail and confusion among the wait staff. While I enjoyed the food, the poor service tonight has soured me on returning anytime soon.
Best Broker, staff and agents in the valley. The positive vibes in the office make it easy coming to this place daily.
I've been awaiting a great eatery to replace the now defunct Chandler BBQ Company, and the wait was worth it.

I've had both the meat tortellini with bolognese and the marscapone with butternut squash ravioli, both made from scratch, both delightful.  I have huge expectations for their artichoke parmesan.  The restaurant does have a Facebook page when you can come and get a little extra info.  It's quaint and cute on the inside (seats 16) and they have a nice sized outdoor patio with ample seating, for al fresco dining.

The chef, Carlo, is friendly and excited for you to try his creations.  They have a chalkboard menu behind the counter, where you'll place your order, and a deli case with meats, cheeses and olives... soon to include desserts.

They offer hot and cold sandwiches, salads, pasta (with your choice of six sauces), and a few side dishes.  The beverage options include a fountain station.

Stop by for lunch or dinner.  Stay for the ambiance or get it to-go!
Went on a Thursday night, and waited about 20 min for a table (pretty reasonable, I think). Ordered the farm burger, because I love a good runny egg on my burger. The duck bacon was also a very nice and different touch! We ordered the sweet potato fries, the gooey fries and the onion rings. I'd say my favorites were the gooey fries and onion rings. We also ordered shots of the coffee patron & baileys: strong but good! The wait just to get the fries and onion rings took quite some time, but overall a pretty good experience!
Marilee and Patrick are redefining the moving experience. I reached out to Marilee 6 days before needing to move out of state (never recommended) and she was able to accommodate our move from Scottsdale to San Jose. It wasn't just the accommodation; it was their amazing empathy, friendliness, and genuine honesty and concern that make them amazing individuals who run an HONEST, REPUTABLE, and PREDICTABLE business. Dose Moving is the elite of the elite and I would never use anyone else! Think that was it- NO! They managed to go from door to door (have everything delivered) in a matter of 48 hours (they could have done 24 hours if I was able to make it) it's incredible- the movers got to my new home before I even could! Please save yourself the headache of dealing with the stereotypical movers who price rape you when it's too late and use DOSE Moving! They tell you how it is and set the right expectation from the very beginning! Great experience compared to any industry and any service I ever received!
One of my favorite lunch spots! Inexpensive but authentic mexican food. The bombero burrito is worth the drive. One of the spiciest mexican dishes ive had, but not overwhelming spicy. When visitors come to town and want authentic mexican food, we take them to Los Toquitos. Our visitors have all requested to go back anytime they come in town. I highly recommend checking this place out.
Unsere Wilhelma :-)
Seit ich damals als Kind zum ersten Mal mit Mama dort war, bis zum heutigen Tag immer wieder schön. Die Wilhelma im Maurischen Stil erbaut sollte zuerst ein Badehaus für König Wilhelm werden. Dann botanischer Schaugarten, und seit ca. 1950 als Zoo in Betrieb. 
Ich finde die Entwicklung schön und sehr wichtig, damit ein Zoo in unsere Zeit passt. Früher waren neben dem Tropenhaus in den winzigen Käfigen (heute Vögel drin) Bären und Löwen. 
Heute werde die Gehege zum Glück immer größer und natürlicher gestaltet. Das aktuell fertig gestellte Menschenaffengehege ist für einen Zoo echt riesig geworden. Weiter so!
Großes Manko um die Wilhelma ist die Parksituation. Das Parkhaus ist maßlos überlastet, wenn das Wetter gut ist. Stressfrei geht's mit der Straßenbahn! 
Das Haupt-Lokal unten rechts nach dem Haupteingang ist für die Location echt empfehlenswert. Pasta gibt's in ordentlichen Portionen unter 10.- Euro. Und sogar Linsen mit Spätzle und Saitenwürstle sind auf annehmbarem Niveau. Klar ist dort Essen und Trinken etwas teurer. Aber jeder kann sich mit der Umhängetasche, oder dem Rucksack sein Vesper und was zum Trinken mitbringen. 
Wilhelma....ich mag dich :-)
Was pretty excited to try this place since I heard good things but unfortunately I wasn't too impressed. The waiter was kind of rude, as if he seemed annoyed to be there. I ordered the brisket sandwich as did my friend. I ordered mine with pimento cheese and my friend ordered cheddar, however we both received blue cheese. I really do not like blue cheese and this blue cheese completely over powered the sandwich. I would of complained but our server wasn't even the one to bring us our food and we didn't even see him again til the check came. 

I don't know if I'll be returning to give it another try.
Went in yesterday for lunch. Owner Pui was great. Most customers she knew by name. I had the vegetable panang curry with brown rice and tod mun for an appetizer. If you are in Phoenix it is worth checking this place out.
There was no line so we figured we would get quick service. The 3 girls working tonight (7\/14\/17) continued their conversation with no regard for the 3 of us that just walked up in line. We waited about 3 minutes before they came over to us. Awful customer service.
My boyfriend and I recently went here for dinner expecting great things from what other reviewers had said. We split the dinner for two which consisted of a full rack of ribs, 1\/2 lb. of pork, Caesar salad, Mac and cheese and corn bread. The first star goes to the prices. It was under $30 for the whole meal! Not to mention they have draft beers for only $2! The only part of the food I was impressed with was the ribs and spicy BBQ sauce. Everything else severely lacked seasoning and the pork was very dry. The ice tea coolers looked as though it had been sitting out for days and tasted moldy and stale. Only great thing about the experience was that we got a free half rack of ribs because the waitress said the ones originally served were too small...not too impressed overall.
Went for the first time having extremely high expectations. I ordered fried chicken on rice, which was disappointing. The pieces were small, and there was no seasoning or sauce to save the dry taste. It was just.....plain rice with chicken so it was at the most underwhelming. The miso ramen was just subpar. Maybe we ordered the wrong things...maybe our next visit will be better.
4 stars out of 5 only because there is always room for improvement:)
This place saved my life, I've seen several doctors regarding my cancer, and this place is by far the most amazing place I've ever been to, from UCLA to The City of Hope to little old Santa Barbara Cancer Centre  
They do things diffrence here and I loved it! My doctor was Dr. Singh she got rid of 90% of my cancer, and now I can live with the other 10% using cannabinol under the tongue. Thank you so much MD ANDERSON CANCER
I friend recommended this place and since I travel to Vegas at least 2 or 3 times a year, I thought I'd give it a try. I'm glad I did.  I thought the food was great. I've had the chicken parmesan and on another visit, spaghetti with red sauce.  Both dishes were great, and the portions were HUGE.  Even better was the free wine they kept bringing (it's all you can drink, and it's a house red or white served in a carafe). 

The place reminds you of gangster hangouts you've seen in the movies.  It's dark inside, no windows (reducing the chance of driveby's), with lot's of nooks and crannies (small rooms, and even smaller rooms). One great advantage to their location is their proximity to the hotels on the strip, but your not on the strip.
My wife and I have been sitting here now for 15+ minutes and  were only acknowledge once by the host after 10 minutes sitting here and received water. We're still sitting here waiting for a server, even after a table that arrived after us is been served. 
BINGO! Finally showed up. Very disappointing, as only 5 tables on patio between two servers.
Dr Leber is the best.  I have taken my dog to him for 12 years.  He's gentle, kind, smart and great with animals and kids.  He's compassionate and loving to my pet.  I can't say enough good about Dr Leber.   I love that his cats run around his office.  He's a great vet!
Service is Awesome! The chicken, Turkey ribs, Alfredo is delicious. I love the Sangria! Everything I have ordered was very tasty. Nice crowd of people and you feel safe.
The food used to be good.  Quality has really diminished over the last four years. Pizza was soggylike. Chicken fingers were below average. When people take pride in their work it shows. When food is made with a great attitude it carries through.  So sad for Angelina's - east location.  We have been  looking for a different restaurant that sells this kind of food in the neighborhood.
I enjoyed my pedicure the first time around and I paid for the upgraded package.  However the consecutive times have not been as great.  I did however love the way my pink and white gel nails came out and its been 3 weeks so far and they still look good and no lifting in sight.  So there are some good things and some bad things but overall its an ok place.
stopped in here before and after a bball game. very cool that offer a free bus to\/from the game. 

the atmosphere was great and i think every person in the place was wearing red! the food was very good - i went with a tuna melt and potatoe chips. afterwards we went with the nach platter. there were 4 of us and it took a big effort to finish it off. beware of the jalepenos - i started tearing up at one point and normally i handle spicy food okay. 

prices werent too bad. the place did die pretty quickly after the game which was unfortunate.
Dr. Gupta is a no bs doctor. Thankx doc!!!
We had an event that HAD to look, feel and taste perfect . Denise not only delivered that but added her own special hands on help on site. Perfect!
Soup was way too salty.  Atmosphere was really nice.  Meal was just too expensive for what you're getting.  I threw away leftovers after leaving.  Didn't want to taste it again after all.  Calimari was bland.  P.F. Changs is way better.
Bought a groupon spur of the moment for something to do on a Saturday night. Was not disappointed. Staff was awesome all around. Loved all the KISS memorabilia. Really neat for real Rock lovers. For young ones they can get to know this legendary band because of the pics and fun facts on the walls. The black light really is so KISS.

Acoustics pretty good. Loved they take requests. We put in for three and they were
Played back to back.

Overall really a fun place if you're in your 40-50s and remember and still love the timelessness of the band KISS.

Price is very reasonable for a larger family and again staff was really cool!
Ace's employees have been incredibly helpful and nice every time I've gone to the store. The store itself is chock-full of great home- and yard-improvement stuff (tools, accessories, gadgets, etc), and the prices are very fair (especially when one considers the convenience of Ace's location and the idea of supporting a local business). For most of my small-to-medium-size home and yard needs, I'll skip the trip to Home Depot or Menards and stick to my neighborhood Ace Hardware.
Want to love this place but the Arepas are soooo bland!  Also takes so long to get your sandwich. Maybe I was spoiled with ones Ive tried in NYC but these were very disappointing. Unfortunately I dont think there is a better place in town for Arepas..
Good?  Yes, but not something that blew me away worthy of a 5 star review.  My preference for dessert is more geared toward refined and well balanced flavors.  I found that many of the Gelato flavors here hit me over the head and were too sweet or intensely flavored to have more than a few bites.  I tried three including the salted caramel which was way too sweet.  The espresso chip was a bit better but none in our party of three was able to finish a medium due to the richness.  I understand everyone has their own likes and many may love super rich flavors but after waiting on line for 15min to get some, I was not very impressed. 

It is very clean inside and well decorated and there is some nice seating outside which is cool.  Unfortunately the flava-hamma was just too much for me.  :)
Was craving BBQ so I decided to give it a try. Nikki provided exceptional service and gave me samples of their local beers. BBQ beef sandwich was excellent!
Best nails I have had in a long time! Thanks Jen! The nail salon is clean and beautiful! Jen and her husband are very professional! My ever changing search is over.
This location has an awesome upscale environment. The food taste is consistent with the other Pita Jungle locations I've been to. The only flaw I saw here was the person who runs the food to the tables. She brought my husband and I the wrong food twice, before we finally got our order! So that's why I had to give 4 stars instead of 5.
They are the absolute worst and they have horrible and I mean horrible customer service. The manger is just as rude as some of the employes. I haven't order from there in a long while and don't plan to until some changes are made.
Crapiest golf course I've ever been to. And I've played some bad tracks. Played 4 holes and left
Had this company pick me up from the airport to my hotel, and i loved it. After a long flight, i didnt want to wait very long. They were fast and professional. (Felt like a VIP haha)  Very clean and super friendly.  Also very affordable!
What all those guys said. Seriously. It is way too delicious. There is a ton of selection on the menu and I implore you to try stuff. I had low expectations only because I am very particular about sushi. It is actually unreal how good it all was. I HIGHLY suggest tamago. I am a huge fan of tamago and order it everywhere I go for sushi, but I think other places must use frozen premade patties, but not Yasu. I don't remember what the fish was but we got sashimi with some sauce and a jalapeño on it, and holy crap was that delicious. And the lamb chops we had were unreal also. Just go order everything!! Do it! OMG.
Great great food ... Very creative complex flavor profiles, unique textures..the chef loves to play with ingredients. 
The chopped salad is a must try, roast beef is supergood..
Prices are honest, fresh honest ingredients, charged servers...

Keep up the good work !!!
This is a tough one to write.  There are things I liked, and things I didn't.

I ended up here because I used AARP to reserve this car rental, and Payless was on of their featured providers.  I was a bit nervous because they were SO MUCH CHEAPER than everyone else.  Usually that's for a reason.  And there sorta was a reason.

We arrived at the airport, and the paperwork says to get a shuttle.  From where?  It didn't say.  I had to call them.  Turns out you take the train (free) from the airport to the Viscount, go downstairs, and in the back corner of the lobby area is a courtesy phone.  Call Payless (just push their button on the phone panel) and they send the shuttle to get you.  They could have explained that to us instead of making us figure it out.

So we get to the counter.  Like most car rentals, there was a line.  Fine.  The clerk was reasonably polite, but then hit me with something new.  Did I have proof of insurance?  Huh?  Never been asked that before!  I was about to contact my carrier to get them to fax something when the clerk decided my AARP card was good enough.  Really??  What does AARP have to do with proof of insurance??.  But, hey, I'll take it.  I am insured, even if I can't prove it on demand.  They did take a $500 (Canadian) refundable deposit (which also is "new" for me).

The car inspection process was normal, and we loaded up and left.  Car itself was fine.  Seemed relatively new, no problems.  Brought it back with the same fuel as when we got it, just like we're supposed to.

So do I just drop the keys with an attendant?  No.  Gotta go to the line.  Turn in the keys, pay the rental (with assurances the security deposit will "drop off" automatically), and then we need the shuttle to the airport.

To his credit our driver took us to the terminal instead of to the Viscount.  That saves us a lot of time, I'm sure.  We were getting tighter than I like in part because of traffic, and in part because the return process took nearly half an hour with waiting in line.  I tipped him better than usual for doing that for us.

In summary, I think I'll stick with the bigger (and more expensive) companies in the future.  This experience wasn't as bad as others have described here, but I didn't like the non-standard things they did (like the deposit, proof of insurance, shuttle NOT going to the airport, car return taking so bloody long).
just had dinner at Sakana, I have been here a few times before and I really enjoy the food, but I found that the service can be hit or miss. we got there tonight around 7:30pm they had a bit of a wait and a packed house. the wait wasn't bad, I only wish they had a bigger waiting area, it's very crowded, but it was no big deal.there was also no hostess there to greet anyone when they walk in,no hello or asking how many,  or giving you a time estimate,just a piece of paper to sign in and write your name. we started with salads and appetizers, my husband (Geoff)had a seaweed salad, I had the sashimi salad and for appetizers we got The Shit, Dragon Balls and the Towering Sashimi Poke. Geoff loves seaweed salad and eats it whenever he gets the chance, he said it was pretty average,not the best,but not the worst, just average. the sashimi salad I did enjoy, it looks gorgeous, I love the presentation but it didn't blow my mind, but it was good for sure. the shit comes highly recommened it's fried, it has a yummy sauce, what's not to love. the dragon balls are mushrooms with lobster mix deep dried,very yummy. now, the Towering Sashimi Poke o...m..g! so good!!!!!!! it comes on a lil fried wonton chip with crab mix and some poke and a lil like salsa mix on top it's fresh and yummy definitely get the towering poke!we ordered it twice it was so good. the service was better this time than it has been for me in the past. other times I felt completely forgotten about as far as refills are concerned tonight was much better. still a couple times they almost gave us someone else's food, but it was quickly figured out and resolved,they were very busy with lots of servers and busers running around so I can see how a lil confusion can happen. next we got the sashimi roll, the summer crunch roll and the honey screaming O. I liked all of them my fav though was summer crunch, it's lobster mix deep fried with some other goodness, they are lil balls of heaven or as Geoff says "a tasteplosion in my mouth" the screaming O was different than I thought it would be from the other pics on yelp.it was good, but I was a lil disapointed that it wasn't what I expected.im still on the hunt for the one ive seen in other yelp pics.next we had the Chanel roll and the Be Happy roll. I really loved the Chanel, it has assorted fish on top, crab and tempura shrimp inside and screaming o sauce, it was yummy. our server also said it was his fav. by the time the be happy roll came I was so full lol! it was similar to chanel as far as sauce and assorted fish but it had fried soft shell crab inside instead of crab mix. this was the first time I have ever tried soft shell crab, it wasn't bad. it was a Lil chewy from the shell of the crab I think. it was different but it was good. finally we had the tempura ice cream, also a first for me it was pretty good. it's small so perfect to share after you are full of sushi lol. just a lil sweet treat to end the night. it had a funnel cakeiness to it that I liked. we actually ordered the summer crunch a second time, for the last round but it never came, we ended up being really full anyhow so we didnt say anything.i gotta say even though the service sometimes irritates me, I love sakana. they have so much to choose from and they are always coming up with new and interesting things. and they really take pride in presentation. the  Chanel roll and be happy were very pretty! i just wish they would tighten up their customer service a  little bit.like i had to ask for my first refill of ice tea, when he was right there when we ordered the 2nd round, my glass was empty but he didnt seem to notice, so i asked the next time he came back. and he did do it after that without asking (i drink a lot of ice tea lol), but I don't want to have to ask at all, especially if you are standing right there and my glass is empty, notice and offer a refill, it's why I am going to leave you a good tip. tonight was better than times before, but there is still room for improvement.i wish i could leave a 3.5 star thats really what i want to do.just  a star and a half to improve service a little bit. next up on my bookmark list is Yama sushi, close by sakana. I wanna see how they compare to each other. really I wanna find the best sushi spot in vegas, maybe it's sakana, maybe it's somewhere else , i dunno, but I am gonna find it lol.
The food was just out of this world and the server Daria was the best grade A+ all around thank you for a great breakfast I'm full okay later
Horrible experience!! This restaurant messed up our order. We called to let them know we received the wrong order and they didn't believe us. They actually called us back and wanted us to bring the order back but we were home & in the middle of salvaging our dinner... They said the manager was demanding we take a picture of the entrée to prove they made a mistake. It was only when we sent the picture to prove the mistake on my order that they said they would take care of this... We told them to keep their $12.00
They clearly need $12.00 more than we do if this how they conduct business. Won't be back...
McCormick Ranch...Beware.
Had to write this review for this location for my last visit to Vegas. Even though I stayed on the strip I come over to this location because the few times I've had the chicken it has never disappointed. My boyfriend at the time turned me on to this place and every time I come to Vegas this location is definitely on my list to stop and eat. Much better than the new locations in California I must say.
Stopped in for drinks after catching up with some old friends at a restaurant down the street. Finding a bar with this variety of European beers was quite a treat. Did not try the food, so all I can say is that I had a grand time drinking my way around Germany, Belgium, and the Netherlands.

One complaint is they were out of a Kriek I very much wanted to try, but I soothed my hurt with two Belgian Blondes and a Dubbel, a German Hef, and a Dutch Trippel. The staff were great with suggestions and were very prompt to provide refills.

The ambient noise was about average for a crowded bar, but this was still a very comfortable place to have some drinks with friends. I can see a certain crowd being disappointed that the beer selection is not craft or local, but there are plenty of bars for doing that. This is a great way to try interesting European quaffs you'd be hard-pressed to find in bottles.
Trust me when I say that I spent several days looking for a company to perform a full body (interior\/exterior) detail for my convertible. I decided on Shine Mobile Detailing because their price seemed right for the services offered. I even took a risk because there wasn't much reviews on them anywhere. Well, it was worth it! The two guys that came were completely professional, on time, and worked extremely hard in the heat to make sure my vehicle was clean. I barely had to point anything out, but for the minor things, they had a great attitude and gave attention to it.

Tip: I highly recommend getting the paint sealant and clay bar treatment to your exterior detailing service. It's been a couple months since my vehicle has been detailed and my car repels 80% of stains it should be accumulating! Whatever sticks onto the car can easily be wiped off with 15-30 minutes of your time, a microfiber cloth, and detailing spray.

To the owners of Shine Mobile Detailing and all potential customers, I'm already looking forward to scheduling my next full-body detailing service in a couple months. This is probably something I will be wanting for my vehicle every 4 months, so that the paint sealant and clay bar reduces stains and any wear that would and should have been accumulating.

Thanks again, guys!
Great chicken combo. I am a fan of Pita Jungle. Great healthy options from the appetizers to full entree options. Ask for a cucumber jalepano margarita, they do a pretty good job!
The patty is one of the most satisfying I've ever tried in a vegan burger. The burger itself had the right amount of sauce and was not a sausy mushy mess like most vegan burgers. I'm super happy I dropped by but this burger will convince even the meat eaters who think we only eat salads and grilled vegetables.
The sandwiches were cold the meat inside the Whopper was burnt to a crisp I sit there and watched the person at the counter talk to a relative while my food was getting cold I finally asked him to please put my food on a tray so I could eat it before it was Stone Cold the bathroom had no towels and the place was filthy will not be back.
Ambiance\/decor-3
Service-5
Food-5
Strikeouts-0\/3

Small Dine in restaurant that serves Shawarma!!! Seats approximately 15 people, and mostly is for take out orders. This place is OLD, but they have kept the place in prestige condition. The price point is affordable to the point high school students will come in for lunch on the weekdays. Honestly, this place deserves a lot more customers than it gets. I've been here twice, and been happy coming out here twice.

$9.50 for two shawarmas. Forget everything else, chicken, beef or gyro. Not only is the dining area clean, but the kitchen is spanking clean. You think subway is kept clean? Look at each condiment and toppings and there's little to no mess at all. Ordered both chicken and beef shawarmas, but the beef has been sitting there a while, so it's a bit tougher than what I expected. The chicken was definitely my favourite. 

If this place gets consistent people going in and out, I could see the quality of the beef go up because it would be more fresh. Just because it's rotating, doesn't mean it won't slowly dry out and lose it's freshness. 

For price point, this place is probably better than most fastfood places in terms of quality and speed. On par with my favourite PHO place and that's saying a lot. Definitely worth coming here for the cheap food. No parking fees, and great service. There's usually two people behind the counter during peak times. Oh, they also press the wrap, so if you don't want it, you should tell them ahead of time.
The cake prices are per pound and the small cakes are one pound and the bigger cakes are around two pounds.  The cakes work out to be cheaper than other bakeries.  I bought a small tiramisu cake late afternoon without ordering so it may have been stale but it was one of the worst cakes I have had.  The cream was hard and the canned fruits on the top of the cake were stale.  The pineapples were inedible and tasted nothing like pineapples.  Even for the price and consideration that it was bought late afternoon, a cake should not be that stale.  Very dissapointed.
I haven't been here in a while, but this is the spot that my friends and I usually come when we don't want to deal with clubs\/lines\/guestlists\/crap. I've never eaten the food here, but we come here when we want to make SURE everyone has a great time.

Great frozen drinks and great dance music, surprisingly enough! It's a fun atmosphere, there is never a wait to get in and we can always find a table. Most of the time I'm there, they have live bands..... I've seen people of all ages having a great time here so whether you're a college kid, way beyond a college kid, or just like to cougar hunt, you'll fit in here. It's never disappointed me!
It's not just a meal, it's an experience!!!!
We're in town for two weeks and this was the best night yet.  
I love crab legs and it's been a while so I wanted to get the best so I did 1lb snow and 1lb King. The snow were so good I hated to finish them.  Add do the corn, sausage, and potato.  That was some of the best sausage I've ever had
Our server was Aaron and he was awesome
Highly recommend but don't wear your Sunday best because to enjoy it you have to get down and dirty
Standard Panera fair.

The difference maker (4 isntead of 3 stars) is that the staff at this one is nice.
I share the same sentiments with the other 3 star yelpers.  Its just okay.  Wayyyy too expensive.  After tax it is $60 per adult for dinner.  It is worth $40 at best.  I can get a much better meal for half the cost anywhere else.  
Wait time on a Tuesday (8\/09) night at 6pm was an hr and 40 mins.  It reminds me of a Disneyland ride.  You get a fast pass that tells you when to come back so you can stand in line for at least 45 mins.  You pay as you get halfway through then they funnel you into different lines based on party size.  I actually think this is smart because it does lessen the line and it forces you to go gamble in the beginning while you wait.   Without this, I could see it taking 3 hrs.
Anyway, we get seated and you get to wait some more as you are passing through the buffet line.  Its a pretty big place so there TONS of people milling around.  My waitress was terrible.  We had 5 stacked empty plates and no drink refills throughout most of our meal.  When you pay $60 and rely on them for drinks, you better come more often.  VERY disappointed with that.
Luckily that have some juices pre-bottled in the buffet which was a perk you don't usually see along with guava and horchata.
Here is what you are paying for that you don't normally see at an average buffet:
Crab legs both hot\/cold but sliced down the middle so there is no fuss or cracking.  This costs more for them to purchase this way.  The cheese selection and salami is upper class.  Muscles on the half shell.  Dim Sum (these were good).  Street tacos made to order (were bland).   Gelato and macaroons.  Beef burger Sliders (HORRIBLE hockey pucks) that they should not bother with.
Everything else is your normal fair.  Some were very dry, cold and bland.  For the price, I expect none of that and I also expect excellent service.  I say its good to try ONCE but would not go again unless someone else was footing the bill which was the case for me on Thursday night but it was the same exact food in the same exact condition.  However service was a little better but we were now a party of 14 instead of 2. Hard to ignore a giant table like that.
There's two banh mi places side by side. This place and "Che Cali" over to the left. I tried both in a head to head and Nguyen Huong came out on top. 

Signage is all in Vietnamese and you'll find yourself a bit out of your comfort zone upon walking in. Do the white guy thing and start flapping your arms around, singing something from Glibert & Sullivan, and eventually you'll be gently guided to the sandwich counter on the North side of the store.

Best I can figure there's a small and large sandwich. You can have it spicy or mild. I tried the mild pork large. $2.25 with tax. Those into a footlong at Subway might want to order two... bringing you in at $4.50.

Yeah. $4.50. Two street dogs will run you $5-$6 in Toronto. 

There's no seating, as others have noted, but you could walk south to one of the Chinese almost-malls and munch it there. Or go east on Dundas to the Villiage on the Grange and mow it in their foodcourt.
2nd time I've tried to come here during "open hours" and they are closed. Their sign says they are open but the doors are locked.
I have had the best Indian food so far in tempe. I love the saag and makki ki roti. But when i went the second and third time on a Monday, this week and last week, there is a receptionist who did not let us in. First time she said that there was a 45-1 hour waiting when I could see empty tables and second time today she did nit let us in at 8:15 when the official closing time is 8:30. It is such a regret that a nice restaurant has a very rude receptionist. I guess her name is Deepal, as her co workers were calling her by same name.
Loosen up Urself, don't be so serious then U will enjoy Zumanity to the fullest!

I had some good laugh and wonderful time watching the show. ^_^
Glad to find a place closer to home for Vietnamese. Typically go to superior pho but it's a destination for me. Although not the same, it's great food in its own. Spring rolls are awesome, pot stickers are the size of perogies, and the pho is great. They don't have Banh Mi which is one of my favorites but wouldn't hold it against them.  Everything was well worth it. I'll be back for my pho fix.
Very good pizza in the Cosmopolitan. No signage on the wall, elevator, nothing.....but it's very good pizzas down a long hallway without any fanfare. Would definitely come again.
I would come here all the time if I lived in Toronto. I've been to tons of restaurants all over the U.S. and France, and this is up there with the top of them.

- Great atmosphere. Small and comfortable, without feeling as pretentious as some French places can sometimes be.
- Wonderful service. Prompt, friendly, and really helpful with making food choices or selecting the right wine pairing.
- Fantastic food. Everything we got from the appetizer and entree menu was delicious. I had the horse tenderloin -- and if you like beef and just want something a tiny bit gamier -- I highly recommend it.
A family member brought me here to grab some pastries for a quick breakfast.  There were so many yummy options,  I had a hard time deciding- but ended up getting a ricotta danish- that was so delicious! The pastry was flaky and buttery SO GOOD.  The ricotta filling was silky smooth and not too sweet with just enough chocolate chips to add some texture.  The nutella filled donut and croissant were also great- as well as the regular sugar donut & peach danish. We also grabbed a loaf of french bread that seemed tough before we cut into it, but we were definitely surprised at how soft it was inside! 
Would definitely be back!
These guys don't know how to clean cars. $3 automatic car wash does way better job then them. They told me my car need polish to remove the water spots and some other things since my car been parked for a while. I did even notice one different before and after the polish. Is the end they told me sorry we were wrong you need to pay now
This is the third chance I have this place. I wanted to love it because my best friend has been coming here for 10 or so years..... But if someone is falling asleep while operating A DRILL and burns the shit out of me..... No. Walked out. It wouldn't be so bad if I hadn't heard of her doing this before. But no. Off to paint my own nails.
Good grocery store! I always find all the Mexican products I need here. It's clean, employees are very kind in helping you look for items, meats are very good and fresh, and there is always a variety of choices you can make when buying products here.
Lage - gut
Parkplatz - schwierig ; 
Ambiente - gemüdlich, sauber ;
Publikum - gemischt ;
Service - aufmerksam, freundlich ;
Speisen - durchschnittlich ;
Landestypische Kost ! 
Die Kochenqualität ist das bei weitem nicht mehr ! 
Das Lokal ist bedingt zu empfehlen !
I really enjoy eating here. Each time I have been here the service is amazing and I feel it's authentic Italian.  Definitely recommend
Food had too much onions and less meat or shrimp. Flavors for orange beef and sweet and sour shrimp where too overwhelming. Service a little slow.
We come here periodically for lunch over the last 2.5 yrs.  Now, the menu has drastically changed.  It IS simpler but with much less choices.  I had the $9.95 sashimi lunch & my friend had the (you pick 3) tempura\/teriyaki\/california roll combo.  Both come with salad & miso soup.  It was ok.  I liked it before with so many options (bento box style) like fried oysters, tempura, different sushi rolls to come with your lunch....
The classic neighborhood bar.  Love it!  Great simple atmosphere, food and beer.  Nothing fancy, totally laid back.  Great live music often.  Great place to throw darts!
Ended up having to stay here after power outage on base... I definetely underestimate this place! I've been to the casino many times prior to staying here, and the casino is really not all that great, so i expected the rooms to be old and outdated- wrong! Our room was so nice! and the bed was amazinly comfortable and the rooms were all up to date. we didn't want to leave so we extended our stay!
Really good service by Sayra and excellent food  we had the abundance special omelette and choc chip pancakes.. Everything was so good and the service perfect.
Warning: I'm feeling somewhat long winded and philosophical. Sorry, this is going to be one of "those" reviews.

I guess the problem comes down to the proposition that book stores can not charge admission. Given how much people like to just wander in to book stores to browse, kill five minutes, escape someone on the sidewalk, and how little people go in to book stores to actually buy a book, it would make sense that people should be willing to just leave a quarter or three in a jar at the door. There is a good that is being consumed for free. 

This is not to say that all things should have a price attached to them, but when that service is being provided at a cost (e.g. rent) and that service is becoming increasingly rare given the prevalence of places like Amazon, shouldn't people be willing to subsidize it to keep it in business?

I try to do my part. I buy cook books here every once in a while. But that's the problem: it's only once in a while. The remaining proportion of the time, I go in, browse, see what looks interesting, and then look at the price tag. Then the problem hits: how much is it worth to me to have this place. Is it worth paying $45 for a book I could get online at Amazon.com for $26? Day to day, I do go on Amazon and buy it at nearly half the cost. But once or twice a year? Sure. Because I like being able to come in and browse. The price of books in Toronto (Canada?) is just frustrating. When it is Book City, I have no problem walking by and seeing them go under. When it is the Good Egg, I really want them to stay in business but the reason I am willing to pay more is because it is a tax, plain and simple and a "public good" is being provided.

So why do I feel this way? The Good Egg had a characteristic that all great book stores share that is sadly too rare (rhyme word score +2). I'm thinking particularly of Green Apple in SF. They bring things to my attention that I never would have thought of, and even more to the point, I end up wanting to buy. A North African\/Moroccan cookbook? Neverwouldthoughtait, but yeah! I also have to applaud the fact that they have started stocking cocktail books. This was not the case a year ago but it is nice to see they are making an effort. The staff are wonderful too, they gave me a fresh chocolate chip cookie once. It was yummy.

I'll keep coming and keep buying, I just wish I did not end up thinking of the mark-up as a tax.
So far I have been to this specific Houston's twice and both times I had a great experience as well as a great meal.  The first time I went with a friend of mine.  I had their roasted chicken with couscous and we split the hot fudge sundae.  One of the most flavorful roasted chicken and couscous I have ever had.  And the fudge was rich and decadent.  I had it again the second time I went (yesterday) with my husband.  However, I was a little disappointed with the texture of the ice cream the second time.  It was a little bit on the icy side.  It was still really good though.  

My husband and I also had their Rainbow Roll and their Thai Tuna Roll (sushi).  Also some of the best tasting sushi I have had in the valley, but again I experienced a little bit of a disappointment.  The first roll that came out was the Rainbow Roll, and although it tasted great it was a bit too cold.  Yet, they made up for it with the Thai Tuna Roll -- the perfect temperature.  I also had the Hawaiian Rib Eye (medium rare), my husband had the Prime Rib (medium), and we both had their Cesar Salad.   All of it was very tasty.  The salad was crisp and fresh, with just the right amount of dressing -- thoroughly coating every leaf and not drowning them.  My rib eye was brown and carmalized on the outside and the center was warm and rare without being bloody -- just how a good steak should be. It was marinated in a light terriyaki marinade which gave it great flavor, perhaps a little sweet for my taste buds, but still very good.  I'm more of a savory person.  I can't say anything about the prime rib (I was too busy with my rib eye), but my husband thought his prime rib was very tender, not too fatty, and he thought the horse radish was balanced well so as not to overpower the flavor of the beef.  Our enterees also came with baked potatoes, which were good.  We did not get another side, but I think next time we go I will get a side of their vegetables to cut the richness of everything. We ended with the hot fudge sundae, but next time it will be the peach cobbler.  
The staff was also very great.  They were attentive without being overbearing and their smiles felt genuine.
The atmosphere is cozy due to the smaller size, lively, and comfortable.  No pretensions anywhere.
All in all, a great dinner.  We spent a worthwhile $175 including a bottle of merlot ($36) and 20% tip.  We left stuffed, happy, and a bit buzzed.  LOL.
6-7-2015
We had the most fabulous dinner! It was a last minute decision to drop in at Paul Martin's and it was the best meal of during our week in Scottsdale.  I had the skirt steak and husband had the brick chicken.  We ended with a shared piece of the banana cream pie.  The service was outstanding.  The food was so delicious.  AND the drinks were so fresh we ordered a second round.  Don't pass up this restaurant.  You will not be disappointed.
We have been regular customers at this Mellow Mushroom for awhile. Tonight was not their finest moments of service and good reputation. I think this might have been our last trip to this store for awhile. They managed to get 5 out of our 6 orders messed up. This was even after giving server advice that they had mixed the way we asked for wings up before so could she make sure she communicates clearly with the kitchen. Nope.... No Bueno!! On top of that we have 2 black people in our party and music is loudly blaring a racial slur, the N word over and over. As we were leaving I asked the waitress to please explain to the manager how insensitive this was to our guest and she insisted it was ok because the manager from Happy Vally store who picks out night time happy hour music mix is Black so it's ok!!! It certainly was not ok, it was embarrassing for us. We had a Nigerian man with us from L.A. and it was embarrassing!! Disrespectful!!! One young lady with us ordered Vegan Pizza due to dairy allergies and stomach issues. She eats 1 piece and realizes the taste is off that it was not made with Vegan Cheese, manager comes over and gets her the right order but does nothing to even offer to compensate feeding her wrong food. He could have offered a dessert or a soft drink. The Vegan Pizza was a mid-$20 range pizza!! He could have taken 10% off her bill all he would say is "I replaced the pizza"!   Really......... She will likely be ill from your mistake pizza tomorrow!
So good! One of the best pho resto in Markham. 
The banh mi is sooooo good. 
A very clean restaurant, not dirty like most pho restaurants. 
Drinks still come out slow, but I notice most vietnamese restaurants, the drinks always come out super slow for some reason
Came here to try out their food.  I had the falafel with fries while my niece had the beef shish kabob.

Food was tasty and I like that you can get the main courses without rice (just salads and naan) for a cheaper price.  The fries was a little too salty for my liking.

Place is nice and clean.  Love how they mix modern pieces with their cultural pieces.  I would come back here to try out the rest of the menu.
Guess I'm pretty lucky to have one of the top libraries, of its size, in the US down the street from my home.  Hours are convenient.  Monday through Thursday they are open until 9pm.  Friday-Saturday until 6pm and Sunday until 5pm.  

The library is always clean an spacious.  Computer labs are located by the entrance and seem to attract several people throughout the day.  I like their Recently Added and cookbook sections. I found a French cookbook that contained the recipe to the best pot roast I have ever sunk my teeth in.

In the back there's a large children's section. Lots of books for the little ones and a play room with plenty of toys inside.  

I recommend taking the classes that are offered.  Most of them are free.  I was able to take the sign language class for babies and toddlers.  Just recently they ended the Twinsburg Talks Spanish series which is great if you want to learn a second language.  I speak Spanish and it makes me happy to know there are other people in the community trying to learn it.  The other day I took a watercolor class with artist Oscar Velazquez and it was a great way to learn a new hobby.  Soon I'll be taking  a Pinterest craft ideas class. I'm excited to see what we'll make and end up taking home as some of my Pinterest crafts don't turn out so well.  I would recommend this library to any stay-at-home mom to take her kids to or take a class.  

There is also a drive-thru book drop-off next to the main building.  Can't really find anything negative to say about this place and maybe that is why they have remained at the top.
Way overpriced for what you get.  Pat La Frieda steaks are delicious but this restaurant overcharges for them.  The waiter we had did not tell us that a center cut rib steak was over $100.  What a ripoff.  There are better steakhouses in Las Vegas that do not take advantage of their customers.  Gordon Ramsay should be ashamed of himself!
I was referred to Dr. Chenin and Dr. Chenin through  my longtime dentist for Invisalign. I am so glad I was. The office is amazing and the service is paramount. The office has state of the art  iTero 3D Dental Scanner that made the fitting of my Invisalign, fit like a glove. I am happy with the results so far. It's obvious that a lot of money was put into the practice because this office is on the cutting edge of Orthodontics. I like leaving my finger print to check into appointments. 

PROS:
Highest rated orthodontist for Invisalign
The  iTero 3D Dental Scanner (makes for faster progress and better fittings)
Service of the doctors and staff
The amenities of being a patient (contests, prizes and fun invites)
The waiting room area (free wireless, cappuccino machine, computer stations, games, movies, nice sinks to brush your teeth, etc)
The knowledge and reputation of the doctors.

CONS:
Waiting for my teeth to straighten.
The bartender for happy hour is really nice but the one before had a sour attitude.  Otherwise a really relaxed experience, good food and good drinks.
Good burger.
Flavorless Italian Beef.
Ore-Ida crinkle cut fries.

I'd go back for the burger if I'm in the area.  Better than Five Guys but not better than Chuck Box.

A friend who came with liked the Chicago dog.
You really can't go wrong with any of the Italian dishes on the menu.  Eggplant and white clam linguine are delicious.
Yeah, I know, another update, but what can I say?  Honestly, District does not have a good enough rating.  I'm not sure if people are missing the artfully crafted dishes with a subtle twist on traditional "American" food or if they just don't appreciate impeccable service and delicious locally grown foods.  Whatever, more for me!

Yesterday we read a tweet from Chef Nathan that tempted us with the debut of the Lobster Pot Pie.  Of course we were there right at 5:00, we couldn't resist.  We ordered it and were served the most beautiful and impressive pot pie I have ever seen.  Now let's get something straight, pot pies are not glamorous, and they are rarely beautiful.  This baby was a definite standout and impressive to boot.  The pie stood incredibly tall on a large white plate and the mountain of puff pastry induced some serious jaw dropping on my part.  The crust was butter and flaky and it melted in your mouth.  The inside was TO DIE FOR!!!  There were huge tender, succulent chunks of lobster.  The veggies (potatoes, carrots, peas, carmelized onions, and celery) were all deliciously crisp and imparted just the right amount of flavor to this perfect dish.  The sauce that melded everything together was just slightly thick with a hint of sweetness that paired so well with the lobster.

I can't say enough about this.  Chef Nathan came out to chat with us about the dish and was clearly excited about it.  He earnestly accepted any criticism we had, which was none, and listened to me rave on and on about how good it was.  He bought us our drinks too!  He's a great guy, and if you ever go and get a chance to chat with them, please do.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Went to this Chick Fil a with my father-in-law after shopping for a bicycle at Pro Bike next door. It was around 12:30pm and the line was the whole way across the restaurant! The drive-thru was packed and staff members were taking orders prior to the guests reaching the windows. 

The staff was nice and the food was good as usual. It appears that each Chick Fil a has their sauces and silverware in different locations - such as behind the counter where you have to ask for it or out where guests can serve themselves. I wish that was consistent among restaurants but whatever works! 

This was my first experience trying the superfood side and it was delicious! There was the right amount of dressing with a mix of dry fruit, nuts, and kale. My only gripe would be that I wish the smaller size was a little bigger as it seemed really small. 

Great breakfast, lunch, or dinner option!
This is the worst PetSmart I've seen. We moved here and when I first called and made an appt just to get acquainted w\/ the DR, they  proceeded to tell me our baby was way overdue on a shot. He went to a PetSmart in another state b4 and it was a shot he has never received and was already deemed by his DR not worth the risk. They had all his records. Can't they read?? I had to argue with them during his visit trying to explain he did not receive this vaccine. Then they called weeks later telling us he was overdue on a comprehensive exam?? He just had one in late September in PA. Also, I walked out of the grooming salon, not allowing my dog to be touched by these ppl. It was filthy and the groomer was on his cell phone was cutting a dog with scissors???!!! So disappointed.
I was quite excited about trying the food at Cherry Sushi & Grill, and so was my fiance. We had been watching their construction and couldn't wait for them to open. Well tonight we had take out, and i was not impressed. My boyfriend had a couple of different sushi rolls which he said where ok. I had the hibachi chicken and a side of rice. I would have given 3 stars but not even 30 mins after finishing our meals i was running to the bathroom. When i got my chicken it was cold, smelled odd and tasted rubbery but i ate it anyways because i paid $13 for it..which I am now regretting because it has upset my stomach...BAD. I have had hibachi chicken at tons of places but have never gotten sick after eating, which im assuming i was served bad chicken. I was really hoping that this place would be 5 stars, but no one should be running to the bathroom 30 mins after finishing a meal.
On a recent trip to Vegas, my wife and I dined at Aureole.  The wine tower was unique.  However, the dining experience was ruined by unprofessional table service.  Not only was the head server completely rude but I experienced the unprofessional firing of an employee in the dining area from my table.  When I complained to management that night and in many calls to management, I only received excuses for their behavior.  I will never dine at his restaurant again.  This is the most disappointing experience that I have ever had at restaurant of this caliber.  I would recommend MIX instead.
Fantastic food and great service as well! Highly recommend the lamb kabob teka as well as the boolani with squash!
Friendly staff and great food! I do recommend this place to others. The fries are not too salty which is good. My bf took me to this place, my first time. I love the chicken fingers and the medium buffalo sauce on the side. :)
I like to come here for the split pea soup on Tuesdays. Happy hour is good for wings and potato skins and beers. The problem with this place is that the service is always bad and the bathrooms are disgusting.
After a night of drinking and gambling, our party of seven ended up pretty starved, and in our search for food we stumbled across Mr. Lucky's. Once we ordered, the wait was long, but not unusual in a late-night casino joint. However, the problem came once we got our food, which was subpar in general, and mediocre at best. For instance, I got the Southern Burger, and the burger patty was barely visible between the Texas toast slices. A friend ordered the mac and cheese and prime rib. The only cheese flavor only came from the box of cheese nips crushed up on top, and what was supposed to be a medium-rare prime rib was only slightly cooked past blue-rare. One would assume a table full of drunk people would marvel at such a selection of food, but after hearing unanimous complaints against each dish, we concluded that yes, Mr. Lucky's sucks.
Came here for happy hour while waiting for our room to be cleaned\/ready at the Hard Rock! 
We got there at around 3:30 on Friday. Wasn't too busy. Found a spot at the end of the bar. 
Boyfriend and I both got margaritas. They were good, pretty strong. To eat, he got the ahi tuna tostadas and I got the sopes. I know happy hour plates are supposed to be small, but geez. 
His tostadas were literally 3 chips with a couple pieces of tuna on top. Super small! 
My sopes were GOOD. Like soo good. But again, so so tiny. I could probably fit two in the palm of my hand, and the plate only comes with 3 -.- 
Anyways, the food was good. Just wish there was a littttle more. Luckily they give you chips and salsa, which were bangin. Probably the best chips and salsa I've ever had. I'm always weary to try salsas because I'm a huge baby with anything spicy but this was delicious and smoky and perfect. 
Very well done, Pink Taco.
Small ramen house - max occupancy is 26 people. Thus there is going to be a wait for a table or a seat at the bar. As most people mention, it is worth the wait. The waitresses are friendly and efficient. We ordered ramen but also gyoza and fried rice. I liked the fact that everything came out at the same time, which is not the case at some restaurants. 

The tonkatzu broth is richer and hearty, while the shoyu (soy sauce based) broth is clearer. Comes with basic toppings and if you want more (noodles, pork) or additions like corn and kim chee, it's an add-on.

Overall, great bowl of ramen with good texture noodles (not overcooked) with friendly, efficient service. I'll have to try the pork belly bowl next time.
Food here was absolutely amazing! I went here with my family on Easter Sunday for the brunch and everything from the salads (kale particularly!) to the pancakes (chocolate - special order) to desserts (apple cobler) were fabulous! Definitely recommend going here if you're in the downtown core! :)
Decent food & speedy service. I'd say this is the best place to go in the Avondale\/Goodyear area if you want Vietnamese food. 

I think their rice dishes are better than any of their soup dishes. Bo Luc Lac is pretty good and pork shop and rice is good!
I love this place, great energy and good food! They provide great customer service and of course the whole fireman theme is great.
These guys are remarkable. Worked fast and didn't damage my belongings they are the bomb.com
I could have eaten breakfast every day at the Grand Lux!  Breakfast is served until 11am, so make sure you get there before that.  They are a bit flexible (which is good when you are up until 5am) so we tend to roll in at 10:45 or so.  

I highly, highly recommend their Brioche French Toast, I think I almost passed out at the table from ecstasy.  I get the French toast with sautéed bananas and pecans, however I suggest the caramel sauce on the side because it is SUPER sweet.  It is a huge portion and could be split easily with another person.  

Their breakfast menu is pretty reasonable being anywhere from $9-$12 for a sit down breakfast and their buffet being $16.50.  

Drop in here for a good morning after full belly, you wont regret it.  It is located in the Venetian right near the Phantom Theater.
Came here for dinner twice and lunch once.  We had used MyVegas buy one get one free coupons so it was a pretty awesome deal for us.  But if I were to pay $35 for dinner or $22 for lunch I would have been extremely disappointed.  

First dinner was on a Monday night.  Awesome thing is they had raw oysters on the half shell (love raw oysters).  The buffet however was dead.  This meant the turnover for the food wasn't that great.  The seafood stews had shriveled up shrimps and clams from sitting out too long.  Even the cheese tasted bad like it's been there since lunch.  The piece of blue cheese I had was hard for a soft cheese.  Dried up!  So I stuck to an oyster and crab leg dinner this night.  I had also tried the corn on the cob but the corn was so extremely mushy and gross with the caked on mayo I couldn't eat it.  

We came again for dinner and I guess because it was a Thursday before Xmas week there were a lot more people at the buffet which meant the food was a lot fresher.  The crab, crawfish, mussels and seafood stews were really good.  But no oysters.  That was a disappointment.  I asked the seafood chef and was told oysters are only served on weekends but any leftovers are served Monday nights.  

The Aria dinner buffet is I think $1-2 more than the Bellagio buffet.  If that's the case, Bellagio is much much better.  Fresh food and tastier.  I will complete a review on that buffet as well.  

When we came for lunch the menu looked identical to the dinner menu.  We came during CES week so turnover was high and everything was fresh.  With the same buffet menu for lunch and dinner (incl crab legs) lunch is obv better value.  

Before you eat just see how busy the buffet is first.  Higher turnover means fresher food.
I come for the Incredible Peaberry Brewed Coffee and Cranberry Scones! Unique coffee blends daily to break up the monotony and a relaxing patio to start a relaxing morning right. I recommend becoming a regular here to find a new coffee you like!

McCormick Ranch Favorite -4.95
Service wasn't very good and pretty slow but I expect that from most "fast" food. Jack in the Box has one BANGIN chicken sandwich though, that's for sure.
I've been waiting to write this review for TruFusion for a while now. I wanted to get a feel for the plethora of different classes they offer before I gave my two cents. After going to two classes a day (pilates\/bootcamp\/boxing then yoga) for about two months, I can happily say that I'm OBSESSED.

CLEANLINESS (5\/5):
TruFusion is insanely clean considering the amount of sweat, blood, and tears that transpires. Right when a class empties, a staff member rushes in to clean the floors before the next class starts. This ensures that every class gets clean floors, free from pools of sweat. Even in some of the boxing classes, an instructor (David) runs around with the Swiffer mop in between rounds to clean up the sweat. The equipment storage room is always organized and in order. They have a disinfecting bin for used resistance bands. The locker room area is always spotless. No complaints on the cleanliness of this location whatsoever.

INSTRUCTORS (5\/5):
I have tried all of the classes except Barre and a few harder yoga classes. In my experience, practically all of the instructors are phenomenal. It is definitely evident in the popularity of their classes. They provide challenging, different variations. You can read up on the instructors on the website and they are impressively qualified. There are a few that are pretty average, but they're definitely the minority in the instructors.

Another thing I noticed is that most of the instructors (particularly the yoga instructors) really try to build a relationship with the students. A lot of the instructors introduce themselves to anyone they notice who are new. They tend to recognize people and remember their names. For example, Jimmy said "You're doing great Judy!" in the middle of class. I was surprised he even remembered me because I only took one class with him a few weeks back.

RANGE + QUALITY OF CLASSES (5\/5)
Here is MY general interpretation for the classes. They may not be entirely spot on so take it with a grain of salt.

Hot Pilates
- High intensity work out
- Great cardio with strength conditioning
- Uses body weight and small dumbells (minimal weights)
- Good for weight loss
- I've done pilates for many years and to this day these instructors have us do workouts I've never even seen before (i.e. Jenny Kim)
- Heated room

Bootcamp
- High intensity work out
- Similar to pilates except with kettlebells (more weight incorporated into the workouts)
- One of my favorite classes
- Good for weight loss
- Heated room

Suspension
- Not heated
- A lot of strength training involved
- Good for muscle strength
- Intense but not as much as pilates\/bootcamp in my opinion

Vinyasa
- More intense yoga
- A lot of flowing from pose to pose
- Definitely didn't expect the amount of strength required to hold these poses (unexpected strength training)
- I love yoga because it is a practice. This means you get better the more you do it.
- Lots of one on one help (i.e. David Vander Meer, Angela, Rachel)
- Instructors always give variations to accommodate skill level
- Heated\/unheated option

Yin
- A lot more relaxed and focused on deep stretching
- I LOVE Candlelight Yin (deep, long stretches with candles around you)
- Heated\/unheated option

Boxing is a great work out. It's a tough work out that trains stamina and strength. However, it's fun so time can go by quickly. The cycling classes is truly an intense cardio work out that gets me sweating like no other. Sadly, I must be doing something wrong in these classes because I get bruised from the bike. Signature Series is amazing because it is the same heated yoga routine each time. This means you can track your progress by coming to this class and seeing how far you've come. It is worth trying out the wide range of classes and seeing what you like. There is definitely a class for everyone!

EXTRA POINTS: 
- Juice\/food bar where you order on a slip and they just charge it to your name. Super convenient considering your credit card is generally not on you after\/before class.
- Rainfall showers with soap\/shampoo\/etc provided.
- Awesome student discount on membership
- $30 for 30 day special to try it out for a month (amazing deal)
- Spacious lockers that are super easy to use
- Cubbies by the classes for shoes, keys, etc
- Scented humidifiers everywhere (smells amazing and spa-like)

I've been to different hot yoga\/pilates places but this is by far my favorite. I love the clean and modern environment of the place. The instructors are amazing at what they do and very helpful. I love that I can just show up here knowing I will spend a productive hour or two on my body. The classes never disappoint in kicking my butt. I highly recommend TruFusion!
to summarize: very good, at least for very occasional visits!
-------------------------

Mostly-housebound new mom's... this may be as good as it gets.

Little ones are quite welcome here, and sales staff have even been known to keep an eye* on your growing bundle of joy (in the "go.pod") while you peruse the assortment of clean, organized, almost sanctified space of baby-infant material wonders. 

I was ordering something in Yorkville's nearby Canadian Tire, and stumbled upon this fancy baby store...  Many of the items were familiar to me, like their "Wonderbibs" and "Plan"\/"Haba" non-toxic wooden toys.  
ex: I picked up one of their silicone berry teether (all-blue), for $6.99.  I have since spotted the same item at Herbs & Nutrition for about $4.99.

This is not the best place to penny-pinch.  Prices are the going rate, compared to Well.ca, or to Marlene's\/other stores that carry baby goods.  This is the place where there are enough tempting bucket-list items surrounding you, that you could end up with a hole in your wallet if you don't hold yourself back.

What I mentioned before, that *if it's quiet enough some sales people will be willing to give a parent's shoulders a small break by watching over our baby, is a definite plus.  Add access to a comfy nursing chair (where you can, yes!, feed baby in the store), as well as a change table, and you might have two more reasons to smile.

All the sales people seem genuinely kid-friendly.  They almost seem to like the babies a bit more than the adults??  There were three of them working that day and two in particular seemed to fawn over my little one.  

I liked the selection, and I appreciate being told more about the developmental stage my baby's at (social, interactive, clutching, musical stages)...  

I'd like to head back there sometime... maybe in a 3-5 months from now, when I might again be in the mood to blow some more dollar signs out.
I was in Pittsburgh visiting my boyfriend and this was the first place he took me.  What I absolutely loved about this place were the hotcakes and potatoes!  I also had some eggs and toast.  And it's a lot.  I really could not finish my plate.  But the hotcakes were so yummy, a little crunchy and soft where it counted.  They were thin and filling, and cooked to perfection.  The eggs were seasoned to my tasting and I couldn't stop eating it.  I'm not a big breakfast person, because it's the same food with no twist, but this totally caught me off guard because it was so different from what I'm used to.  Definitely worth coming here!
If you are in need of a local watering hole look no further. Amazing selection of beer and really fun and friendly staff. They have regular events like pub trivia and holiday themed parties. If you are looking to try new brews, catch the hockey game or meet up with friends Stout Irish Pub is worth checking out.
We came here for a birthday dinner of 9 people. The food came out more than an hour after we ordered. The food actually taste good but not worth the wait. There are another 5 people in the restaurant and did not order that much.
Horrible service.  Ignored by two bartenders, finally the one that was actually working came by to help.  When we asked why the other two bartenders couldn't help, we learned one was a bartender and the other the manager!   Wow.  Good luck staying open with service like that.
Going back for the double up review.  I have only been to this place twice but it deserves a review each time.  If you go here you need to shred your Weight Watcher point tracking systems.  This man loves bacon, he loves fat and he loves butter so buckle on down and man up.

Appetizers:

Beef Cheek Pierogi - awesome.  I have ate them both times and loved em.  Think Gyoza meets pot roast.

Main Lobster - the creme fraiche alone sells this place but it is a lighter dish that reminds me a bit of a ceviche

Bone Marrow - alright so this one threw me for a loop a bit.  The bone marrow comes deep friend.  Yep, you heard me right... the Bone Marrow is deep friend.  You can spread it on some toast and make it taste pretty good but it is an intense little bite.

Pork Belly - another awesome dish.  I would highly recommend this one.

Entrees:

Wild Sturgeon - again you cannot go wrong with any of his fish dishes.  I try to avoid red meat in general but I had a bite of the pork shop, pork shank and beef hanger steak to try them.  The man doesn't make a bad dish.

Booze:

Martini and then you throw some sriracha in it... yep.  Had three, went to a Cavs game, saw them loose and didn't care.
Super crowded and you have to take STAIRS to access the outdoor area.  Not a particularly attractive crowd either.

Went once - it was once too often.
Lots of seating, very friendly service! I only had a regular french roast, but it was all right. Not overly strong but not incredible. A nice place to study! I bet the back patio is lovely in the warmer months.
Had a very good dining experience here on 8\/20\/15.  Burgers, tacos, and nachos--all very good.  The 25 TVs looked great.  Very good selection of draft beer. A really nice addition to the southwest side of Vegas.
Willy's is a hidden gem. Not too busy on a weekday for lunch, but the food has great value and taste.

The service is quite fast as well. I'd definitely recommend the lunch specials or take out. Can't go wrong.
So glad I was referred to DHAC and to Dr. Gold.  Dr Gold is the most caring doctor I have ever been to. He helped me through a rough time when finding out my cat had cancer.  Sad to say that we had to put her to sleep.  He was so gentle and caring, I know she was in good hands. Thank you Dr. Gold   In memory of  Precious.
Came here with a friend on a rainy day - thankfully we missed the lineup that started soon after we arrived.  This place is clearly popular, even on a weekday.

Service was friendly and efficient.  Food was pretty good - I had the croque monsieur crepe which I didn't really like and my friend had the cheddar\/spinach waffles which were excellent.

Would love to come back and try some more things on the menu.  I don't come out this far east very often so it was a nice change.  Next time, I'm probably gonna go for those waffles..
Having just left BHCO we are now sitting at Barchef. The interior of BHCO was the best part of the experience. The Saffron Lady and Cumin Mojito were weak cocktails from both a taste and finesse of preparation standpoint. Not sure I could recommend this place for anyone looking for a well made cocktail. Average preparation at best and when paying this price for a cocktail they should not be ice floating on top. They should use some of the proceeds from the cocktail price to invest in a strainer, just saying. Then to not accept Visa, M\/C or Amex tells me that they think more of themselves then their customers. 5 Stars to the decor 2 for the craftsmanship of a fine cocktail. Perhaps they should visit Barchef or at least ask if they can borrow one of their strainers.
STK in LA is exceptional but LV atmosphere doesn't measure up. The waitress\/servers are great but the greeters are rude and clearly think they are already Hollywood actors
I come to this tanning salon quite often! It is in a perfect location if your in Liberty village, just on the side road so you don't have to worry about crossing with all the traffic on Liberty St. 

Beds are amazing, and the place is very modern and clean, its small but it doesn't need to be big. Theres not many rooms so I'm sure in the busy season it might be best to make an appointment but I been there about 15times and never made an appointment and only had to wait 5-10min a couple times, all other times they were always ready right away.

People mentioned that the staff was not friendly but I do not agree with that at all, the girls are all really friendly and just get your info and let you tan, I don't know what else your looking for at a tanning salon... a conversation is usually what you get at a hair salon. Getting people in and out fast is perfect for a tanning salon that way there is no wait time for beds. 

***NOTE They do not provide eyewear, although you can purchase it there or you can purchase the disposable one time use ones. But if you have your own just remember to bring them.
Prior to Brady showing up at my house and getting us to switch over to Tru Force we were not that happy with our pest control. Since then we have had nearly zero sightings of bugs in our house. And on the one occasion where we did have an issue it only took a few calls to get someone out to our house the very next day. Brady arrived prepared to deal with our issue and was able to help us take care of it right away. 

These guys are great.
A classic place with great, reasonable food that has not adjusted to the "scaling" issues of the Strip District.

The Strip District has gotten crowded... really crowded. With the influx of new people, places like Penn Ave Fish Company are able to shine with their amazing food.. but with a cost.

That cost is an operation which is frankly poorly done and hopelessly confusing and inefficient. It needs to be updated. 

Why do I order from one counter, get my food, sit down and eat, then pay at another counter right next to the one where I ordered at the end of the meal when there isn't any real waiter\/waitress service? And you can't get your check at the table. And everyone's confused about which line is which (order vs pay). And the food can be very slow, because I think this place is taking on a few too many customers when it can't handle the demand.

Once they figure this out I'll go back. But until then they need to get their operations in check. It does not work for lunch in its current state. Too slow and too confusing.

I ordered sushi for lunch and was told it would take 45 minutes. 1 hour and 15 minutes later... no food. Me and several others from my party ended up leaving without any food. 

So as much as I love the food here, which is incredible, I hope they improve their operations.
Fail - overpriced, poor service, and mediocre food! Why pay over $120 per person for such service and food? Save your money and go elsewhere.

I ordered the much acclaimed bone-in ribeye, which came in charred and dry. The vegetables were insipid, and the service was terrible. First, I was made to sit in the back corner even though most of the restaurant was empty, and then I sat waiting for the server for well over 15 minutes to order food. Even though there were 3-5 servers standing around looking at me, and I had to ask one of the servers to take my order. All this time, the restaurant was less than 30% occupied.

NOT returning to Mastro's ever!
When we got here, how busy they were frightened me. We were seated right away got our drinks and ordered the food came out within 10 minutes! It was hot and very delicious. The service is very good here as the food is too.
I decided on grabbing some Thai food last minute, read reviews and dined at Thai Basil. Very yummy food :) Good customer service! I saw a few people stop in for take out orders while I was there, so I know that's available too. My only dislike was that the Thai iced tea was WAY too sweet; I wasn't able to finish it :(
I will definitely be back!
As soon as you walk into the place you get an old school Vegas feel which I like.  They have a full menu 24 hours a day.  That appeals to me because I get off work at 3am and sometimes I would like a nice dinner before heading home.  As soon as I'm seated a wait staffer comes over fills my water glass and takes my drink order.  30 Seconds later the garlic bites come to the table and they are good!  They have a nice menu with lots to choose from.  Nothing crazy this time so I ordered the chicken parm with angel hair pasta light sauce.  My dinner came out with no sauce on it at all.  That's an easy fix and the waiter was prompt to get the sauce to me on the side.  The Chicken was well cooked and the angel hair was perfect.  All and all a good experience very friendly staff and the place was clean.  The fact that I have full menu options at anytime of the night I will be back for sure.
not as good as the originals in los angeles for some reason.  but it definitely hits the spot if you're craving something greasy and heavy after a night of drinking....closes at or before midnight though
Loved my stay. Comfortable, stylish, lots of amenities, and excellent location. But really, the best part of this hotel was the staff. Literally every single staff member I interacted with was amazing, funny, helpful, kind, and had a smile. You cannot beat the service here. One of the best hotel stays I've ever had.
I shop here often for myself and work! Today I went to get fresh donuts for work . The female employee that I spoke to said that the guy who makes them didn't have them ready yet as of 6:30Am .  As she commented also they should be available at 6:00Am when they open! I was not the only customer looking for FRESH donuts!  So Im shopping at Walmart for what I need they are on point always with their bakery!
I love Trader Joes. Especially this one. They always have everything I ever need\/want in stock as well as an incredible flower selection. I go there sometimes just for the flowers. You can't beat the prices either! The staff is always so upbeat and happy. I love it here.
Went here for the first time today.  Service was piss poor and extremely slow, but the wait staff was very friendly - We were given another diner's check two different times by two different servers.  The protein pancakes tasted like rubber.  Will try again but this is not nearly as good as Egg Works and Egg and I...
First time here. Straight from the airport. Saw the hype on yelp and facebook.  No line and plenty of parking.  Close to downtown. 

Only got a few..  their creek brûlée is a signature item. Hard crispy sugar shell. Yeast insides with custard filling. Looked good. 

I had the strawberry pop tart which has an actual pop tart inside. Yeast around the pop tart. It was good but not the best ever. A bit dry. This put them on the map. 

Had the Meyer lemon blueberry cake donut. Wow!  It was delicious. I could've eaten maybe 5. Crispy edges. Moist and soft inside. Bursting with blueberry flavor in the cake. Nice lemon flavor icing.    Not too sweet. I would get again if in walking distance. 

It's a bit overwhelming as there are so many options and I wanted to try so many. 

Also got a Hawaiian coffee and it was very tasty. Staff was very friendly. 

Recommend if you are a donut fan.
Al Taib gets a solid 4-star rating for its manakish.  Most are pre-made and waiting in the refrigerator.  I had the cheese\/zaatar and lahm bi' ajeen versions.  While the cheese\/zaatar was certainly enjoyable, a more pronounced cheese\/zaatar presence, along with a more generous application of olive oil would have made it truly excellent.  The crust is thin, crispy edges and tender center, and folds very nicely.  The lahm bi'ajeen is very good, not overly full of toppings, but not sparse.  I believe the oven is key to the bread's overall quality, as it is a high temperature stone oven.  Quite inexpensive, $4.50 for both.  A varied assortment of manakishes are offered, some traditional, some a little less so (kafta and shawarma toppings)
STAY AWAY!! They are dishonest and bought out by Earnhardt.  They will add false charges to your repair bills to compensate for their losses DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE FOR REPAIRS!!!
I've not been disappointed! The food is really good, chicken is moist, tri tip melts in your mouth. The sweet tea is great and beer iced cold.
Interesting to read over 12 "one star" ratings on yelp since my last review in November 2014. Not surprising they are not a BBB rated company. Actually I think they lost their BBB rating after I reported my incident to them. Also interesting to see a response to comments from Travis S service manager. Unfortunately, I was not afforded that courtesy from him, even though I had been a loyal customer of the company for 12 years and held 7 policies with them. Good news for me I've saved $6400 since cancelling those polices and I am well ahead financially. I guess NHW is the loser because in the end they would have lost earning over $6400 from me.Very poor business practice on their part in the way they treated a loyal customer. Believe me they have no intention of ever replacing your AC unit or appliance if they can't fix it. It is a total con. The best you will get is the depreciated value of the appliance less the trade call fee! In the end I am glad this bad experience happened to me because I am way better off not being with this useless company. Stay away from them.You have been warned!!!
We decided to go check out this place before the Penn & Teller show because the menu sounded descent and it didn't appear to be crowded. The food was average. There was nothing special about the food as it was bland. We didn't have reservations that night but even though there looked to be plenty of seating available we were seated at the oyster bar. The chef was our server and was extremely busy. Aside from our order being put in slow, we witnessed the head chef yelling at the chef that was waiting on us. When I called it to the manager's attention, she only made excuses on how he had poor hearing and it was part of the Asian culture to yell. Well...welcome to America! It's NOT professional or appropriate to yell at employees in front of customers. Nor is it appropriate to excuse the situation by making excuses when clearly the chef was yelling at our chef on how 15 orders were behind from across the bar. It was also unprofessional to roll your eyes as a manager at a customer when clearly the problem lies with the chef and all she should have said was that she would speak to him later. Sorry Rio if not for Penn & Teller you would be way out of business. Bad service, poor food.
Love it here! Their panang curry is my favorite! Only thing I don't like is they don't do refills on plain hot coffee which they serve in a small tea cup to begin with, so 3 sips and you're done... I'd understand if it were a latte or thai tea but plain coffee? Hmmm
Liz is amazing,  she has been walking Buster Brown (Jack Russell & Pug) and Poppy (Boston Terrier) for  about three years.    Liz is reliable, knowledgeable about dogs, and our dogs just love her and she love them back. We delight at looking at the pictures she posts.   We know our dogs are in good hands and are well looked after.  We highly recommend her and her business,  Woofs Upon a Walk.
Love the food here, tried so far the tacos and a burrito, and they are so delicious! The chips and salsa are great too, and don't forget the tasty hot sauces. Definitely one of my favorite Mexican bars\/restaurants in the valley! Cheers
So this might be the only bubble tea place in Madison but its honestly not that great at all. I got a bubble tea with almond and mango flavoring with tapioca pearls. Usually the tea is smooth and devoid of large ice chunks but this tea was full of ice. I honestly could not get tapioca and the ice to fit into my straw. Maybe it was just a bad day but the tea was horrible and I threw pretty much all of it out.
The chicken kabobs were quite disappointing. The chicken was super dry. However, the sides that came with it was good. We also got the beef kabobs. Those were much much better. The beef was moist and tender. The potatoes were excellent. Also from those two, the hummus and pita was ok. I've had better but it's worth getting. Btw, don't forget the cookie. That's pretty good.
The foods amazing here and you wouldn't think this was part of a growing chain of locations. Steak kabobs are delicious and the service is top notch.
Excellent choice for an out of towner. Open atmosphere. The ambiance of a bar, the menu of a restaurant and the location perfect for local hotels. The staff friendly, attentive and accommodating.   I had the Mediterranean flatbread.   Wow.  Perfect for appetizer or meal. 

Multitude of beer to choose from. (Too many in fact). But definitely recommend!
Thank you for a wonderful dining experience. We were sincerely greeted upon entering. The staff was so nice and answered all questions. Everything sounded so delicious, it was difficult to make a choice. The food was amazing. Will most definitely be returning. Thanks for not overpricing the entrees.
Love this outlet!! My favorite shopping destination in Vegas!! Just try to stop by Tory burch first bc there's always a line in that freakin awesome store. Then u can make your ways to the other stores through this nice outlet mall. Food here sucks but who eats when you can shop. Just give me a bottle water & a Twix bar & I am good for 4 hrs of shopping galore. If u run out of water... Tory burch always provides great customer service & provide you with a can of soda or bottle water.
Stopped for lunch today(Saturday) for a pizza with the grandson. We arrive slightly before they opened at 4:00 and we were warmly welcomed to come in ! Our complimentary warm bread and oil arrived and was delicious. Shortly after our pizza arrived hot and yummy ! We asked if we could have some fresh basil on top and sure enough they had it ! We were given a Sundae for the grandson at the close  of our meal from the owner that surprised and delighted ! We will definitely make this part of our weekend more often. Thank you to our server and the owner Scott !!
I haven't been to "TI" (sigh) since they've gotten rid of the pirates, but it used to be a pretty hip casino with full-strength free cocktails and a lovely skull decor.  I'll post an update the next time I get a chance to check it out.
It's okay. Service was kinda wack. Took 40 mins to get dumplings and an additional 10, about an hour, to get our food. Fried rice was ordered without certain ingredients but it came with ALL.  We were hungry so we accepted what was presented at the time since it was the only thing sitting at our table.  The server avoided us bc of the ticket time but that should never be the case.  The Korean bbq sandwiches (bread) was fried. It made it extremely greasy and soggy.  Honestly I would never return.  Due to the fact that the restaurant tried to replicate what Charlotte already had, which did not succeed, but the service was so terrible that we could not even place another order since the food took so long we were afraid of being late for our other obligations.  Plan on being there for at least 3 hours to be full.
This review is for dinner.

La Petite France is as close to an authentic French cafe as you are likely to find in the Southwest.  The cuisine consists primarily of a French version of pizza, with creme fraiche substituted for pizza sauce, crepes, and a small number of traditional French entrees such as Coq Au Van -- these vary from day to day.

The chef is clearly more than competent and most of the menu is delicious.  There are occasional misses.  For example, the snapper was very underseasoned and a bit rubbery (could have been too old).  But a crostini-like appetizer and a dessert crepe were as good as it gets.

La Petite France is the kind of 4 star place that you go back to frequently despite the occasional only-average dishes, not because it's cheap, which it isn't, but because the food is different without being "experimental".  

Hints:
1.  They have a $29.95 "dinner" consisting of your choice of appetizer, entree, and dessert which is a very large discount.
2.  If the weather is decent, try to get outdoor seating.  The patio does not face a road or shopping center and is quite pleasant.
If you have never eaten at a Del Taco, eat there when you go out west. They are all over Vegas and Los Angeles, and for fast food-- awesomeness and yumminess. Cheap and fast, as expected. I live in Virginia, and Del Taco haunts my dreams.
Rosemary's is not only the best restaurant off the Vegas Strip, but can easily contend as one of the best in town. It's modest, unassuming location in a strip mall on W. Sahara is a drawback, but once you get there, Rosemary's delivers on all fronts. Their service is some of the best you will ever have. I found the staff to be almost too attentive at times. Their menu is simply great and the food was almost perfect. If your just visiting Rosemary's is worth the drive and if you are a Vegas resident then Rosemary's needs to be a staple in you dining rotation.
This owner is a nut job. I could read madness in his eyes. After ordering my food, he told me in a agitated way I could not eat in. He kicked me out. 
Please, don't go there. On of these days, this psycho will go postal on his customers.
A co worker of mine and I had been trying to get here for a while, and were finally able to shake loose from work to get over here for lunch. There was an AWESOME Yelp deal $10 for $20 worth of food! We each went with the 2 piece chicken meal that came with a side. We both selected the macaroni and cheese, along with the purple kool aid to go along with it. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and perfectly fried, albeit the pieces were kind of small. The macaroni and cheese was disappointing, it was very oily and didn't have any cream or sauce to pull it together. All in all, it was a good meal but not sure I'd go out of my way to get here.
My wife talked me into trying this place out after not being happy with my last two barbers.  I couldn't be happier.

It's now a family affair at Ann's Salon, we all 3 get our hair cut at Ann's by Travis.  I don't have that much hair to cut any more, but Travis did such a great job even the first time that I've been going back for about a year now.  After a few times, he hit the perfect length all the way around.  I liked it so much I took photos of it and then the next time I was in showed him the photos which helped him replicate the cut, so now I get that same perfect cut every time.

My wife even talked me into getting my feet done and now I'm addicted.  My feet used to be so bad they would tear the sheets on the bed they were so rough.  But now after a few treatments, the ladies there have got them downright pretty!  I've had Jenny and Nikki and Hon all take care of my feet (and a couple of times my fingernails too) and they're all great.

Before going to this place, I never enjoyed having my hair cut, but now I look forward to it.  The place is always busy, so you'd best make an appointment, though not always required, they will try and fit you in with someone.

Great Salon for both Women and Men, very highly recommended.
It has been a while since I came though this jack in the box because the service and food was terrible tonight the manager was helpful and nice! Kudos to the manger tonight. He was a male probably in his mid 20s' wish I would have got his name.
I love this Buffalo Wild Wings. The wings are always taste wonderful, and are never dry...even on wing night, which I find to be a problem at a lot of other restaurants. The other food I've had from the menu is always good too. The main thing I love about BWW is how wonderful the service is. I've never ha a bad experience with a server here. The are always extremely attentive and pleasant. If you want wings and a good dining experience, this is the place to go.
Needed a smog check for my car and found this business on yelp. The lady at the front counter was very nice and helpful.  I was expecting to pay the normal smog check price (I think it was $11.99) but I was charged only $7.77. The receptionist said they had a special. That is a very good business practice when you offer a customer a discount without them having to bring in a coupon or "check in" on yelp without the customer even knowing or asking. That was very nice. I was in and out in 10 minutes. 

Based on this experience (good business practice, clean shop, friendly and professional employees and service) I will be returning for other services. Their prices on oil changes are very competitive too.
Best chicken nachos, mexican corn, chicken breast, great all the way around.
Had a quick day trip to Cleveland, wanted pizza or pasta. Reviews for this place checked out so I walked in the place an order. I was treated quickly and given a few suggestions. I end up going with a small Philly Calzone. Within 15\/20 min my food was ready, food was fresh and delicious. The bread was tasty and seasoned well, it was full of lots of peppers and onions. It also came with a side or ranch and marinara which I didn't end up using much of due to the taste of the food. I would def go back again for pizza :)
I was at this restaurant in August for lunch. Was quite excited that we finally have an indian restaurant without a buffet. Tired of people thinking indian food as just curry dishes that are served in the buffet. Well, frankly after visiting this restaurant may be we should just stick to the buffets, even though they taste nothing like the real Indian food (not even half as good as home cooked Indian food). This restaurant has it all wrong. The taste doesn't belong to the south or North Indian tastes. The rasam\/Sambar that was served didn't taste like either, just hot water with some bad flavor. After two months of visiting this restaurant this comes up on my yelp search with surprisingly high reviews.
Every time I go to Vegas, I have to stop here. The drinks are delicious, especially the brown cow. It's dangerous--you can't taste any alcohol and you end up chugging it because it's so good.
Perfect experience.    Family run, extremely professional.   No reason to goto a chain store.   Support local businesses.    They had the selection, knowledge, without the pressure and up selling
Stick to the PM location. Here you'll get lower quality service and food with noticeably smaller portions
Well I was checking out this new bike shop, and dropped in to find a great selection of my favorite road shoes.  Diadora Road shoes in many styles, and sizes in stock.  Good selection of bikes from medium to high prices.

Staff seems young, inexperence, but seems to understand customer service, and if they did not know they would get answers.

Hope this new bicycle shop in Phoenix makes it as a good road orientated shop is needed in Downtown Phoenix.
Cute place and I love the old fashioned malt shop ambience, but I will most likely not return.  Everytime we've gone our orders are messed up in one way or another.  I made the mistake this time of sitting at the counter in front of the food pick up window.  They mixed our orders together so that neither of us got what we asked for.  The cook had a question, but couldn't get the waitresses attention so he cooked what he thought was written which was wrong.  Disappointed, but not a deal breaker.  

As I'm eating I'm watching the waitresses and hostess make toast.  Their long, nasty fingernails all over the toast, no gloves and one had a band-aid on the tip of one of her fingers.  Then the cook in the back comments "these plates are filthy."  The clincher, a black hair in my husband's eggs.  Note to the staff:  If you're handling dirty plates and order slips please put some gloves on before you start handling people's orders.  I'm so disgusted by this place.  Wait, one more thing...one woman scratched her head and then proceded to butter toast.  Also, to the cooks in the back...cover your long, nasty moustaches.  Enough said!
Bell's has some pretty good BBQ I'd have to say. It seemed a little spendy at first but you get good portions of food unlike some of the other local options. Their sides are outstanding, you must try the Crispy Brussel Sprouts. They also deliver up to Madeira Canyon which is a big plus in my book. This location has had a hard time being successful, I'd really like to see Bell's do well.
This is a very good, high quality tea market but not cheap. It is pretty expensive so I only have tea from here on special occasions otherwise I would go broke. I generally stick to unflavored black teas here and my favorite is the slightly smoky Russian Caravan (hard to find).

They have a very good selection of black and herbal teas. I started out at the Biltmore location but was pleased to find this store closer to my home in the Trader Joe's shopping center.
I ate here a couple times in the past and really loved it. The burgers are well cooked and covered in delicious toppings and the truffle fries were some some of the best I've ever had. Went again last night and the truffle fries are gone! Natural cut, sweet potato or onion rings are all that's left. The fries used to be great and now they're only ok. The service was fast and friendly, the burger was great, but the fries don't measure up anymore. You can't have a burger without fries, and it takes away from the meal when the fries are only mediocre.
Went to Mills Cleaners Saturday because it was near the restaurant that I eat breakfast. I left my shirts at 9 am. The young lady at the counter Evelyn, was positive, happy and seemed to love her job. Picked up my shirts later that day and they were perfect. Best customer service in Union County. Thanks Mills Cleaners and Evelyn for cleaning my shirts. They look better than when my wife does them... Shhhh! We want tell her that :)
Nice place for dinner.  Lots of choices on the menu.  It's just as good as the Mastro's that is focused on steaks.
For this group dinner, we had:
Jalapeno Tuna Sashimi - excellent, and not that spicy even w the jalapenos
Hamachi w crispy onions - excellent, especially with the crispy onions
Heirloom tomatoes - ok, but I would pass on this
Sea Bass - very good, but not spectacular
Vanilla battered sole - very good w massive portion (4 large pieces) and yummy tartar sauce
Lobster mashed potatoes - outstanding and one order enough for 4-5 people easily
Gorgonzola mac n cheese - nice and cheesy (nuff said)
Roasted Brussels sprouts - excellent

Yes, i would come back here!
My friend and I ate at the memo's on meeker Blvd . We had salads and I will say worst salads we ever had brown lettuce and turkey was not good. We mentioned it to the waitress and she said I will let them know. We did not eat it and we were still charged for it. Lousy customer service and worse salad. It was the Cobb salad and taco salad.
Don't go here!!! They make you wait 15 minutes in the drive thru, plus the management staff could care less for a franchise store. Even the district manager wouldn't return my call about terrible service. I won't be back... McDonalds right down the road from me!!!
It is not closed.  They moved down the road to Galswothy and Hwy 7. The pizza and calzones are great and I love their veal sandwich.
I moved to az 3 yrs ago. I came to this specific location because I had ctrlctr from NYC and yet again was having issues with my laptop. I was nvr impressed with ofcmax specifically but this store, and especially Andy, are amazing . He even helped me out when I had an issue in NYC while there and hooked me up from this store. I highly recommend this store. I was just there again today and I will be renewing my ctrl ctr for another year solely because of them . Well, that , and the fact that I still have one laptop to deal with.everything else I own has been converted to Apple .
My furnace and AC were around seventeen years old and showing their age. I called around and got three quotes. Modern had the best price on the same equipment. Scheduling the change out was easy and communication was good. Their workers arrived early and were very professional. They were willing to answer any questions I had and seemed very knowledgable. The furnace runs so much quieter and looks good. So far I am really happy and and I feel like I got a quality product and install.
This is one of my favorite art supply places in the Phoenix area. They have a wide selection and carry some of the more unique or higher quality products that one can't find at Michael's or Hobby Lobby. The staff is very attentive and friendly. I just purchased several acrylic pens that are new in stock and they are awesome. I have bought many oil paints and some pricer pastels. Art supplies, the higher quality products, are expensive but I would rather purchase from a local store and support the community than shop online. I met the store manager yesterday and she is very friendly and helpful too (Indian School location and right off the 51 highway). The negative is that the area street traffic is a little dicey at times.
Good quality and 24\/7! We live around the corner from them and walk there in the middle of the night for our donut fix!
Excellent food and good service, especially during the craziness of Super Bowl week! Everything we ate was awesome, and the purple rice was delicious!  And, the "Oh My God Roll" was just that- OMG! It was brought to the table and set on fire-AWESOME! So good we ordered another one! 

I will definitely be back here next time I am in Phoenix...
If you are on the strip, particularly in the evening, and have some extra time hit up the High Roller at The Linq! The views are AMAZING as you take about a 30 min pod ride 500 ft up ferris wheel style with scenic views of the strip and beyond. The pods you ride in are modern, air conditioned, and cozy. If you dont go during peak hours you will avoid lines and packed pods. Make sure you use the restroom before you get on or you'll be doing the dance for another 30-40 mins as your ride slowly moves along. Some people complain about the pricing but if you do some leg work on the net you can find discounts i'm sure. Great for families also. Memorable Vegas experience!
I been buying from WSS since i was a kid in NOHO. i am a loyal customer and i love this store. until today. This Security named ERICK approach me while i was exiting store and ask to check bag and to uncover my 6 month old baby which is sick and i have prove of meds and hospital visits. it was fresh out and i had my son cover when this security kept harassing me that i am not leaving the store if i don't uncover my son assuming i stole shoes which that made me feel unwelcome and it seem like he was racist tours me and my baby.he was disrespectful rude and i really want to beat his ass . i end up uncovering  my son just to prove that am not a thief as the security employee assume and hopefully management can do something about it. i was a loyal customer to WSS but i will no longer be coming back they really lost a good paying customer, it was around 8:40pm APRIL 2nd 2017 i was wearing a blue dodger jersey blue L.A CAP and i was holding my sons car seat with blue cover , management look at your  cameras and see exactly how it happened Rude ass harassing me and my family
Our battery died not even two blocks from the Pep Boys and after getting a jump from my mother in law, it still didn't work. So after a half hour wait, & restarting with smoke coming out from underneath the engine we drove to the pep boys. My boyfriend explained to them the smoke, the car not turning over & the concern that it may be an electrical issues. So after being there two hours, we were told it was a dome light that was draining the battery and we should drive around for several hours to recharge it. During the wait we decided to apply for the store credit card, which took two people to figure out how to do. 
Yesterday we were out shopping and it didn't start up again. Smoke was coming out & it smelled like burning wires. Now we're at the reliable PepBoys on 7399 W. Lake Mead Bl, we've had a electrical diagnostic test because they didn't ignore the concerns of the smoke & smell like the one on Charleston who ignored it and only did a service test. We're getting a new starter & being updated on the process regularly.
This was my third time there, my boyfriend's second-we love this place. We like to sit in the bar or bar area, very cozy and romantic. Tonight got just pizza-made our own. They were generous with the toppings and the crust was crispy & chewy. He likes thin crust, I like thick-it's a good compromise. I've had the happy hour Mac & cheese before which I loved! Also had the bubbly ricotta previously, good appetizer to share. 

The service has always been great, but tonight Mario was really on his A-game, very attentive and friendly.  Overall, this was another great visit to a restaurant with consistently good food and service.
I love, love, love this place!  The food is always good and the drinks are always on point.  I had the Pescado del Mar, which was absolutely delicious, and my friend had the duck entree, which was also delish!  I just can't say enough about this place!
I love good breakfast, authentic eateries, and a wild environment; and, Deluca's has it all. It's no surprise that one can wait up to an hour in a line snaking down the block for a table on Saturday or Sunday morning.

While my friend Chris and Callen were waiting in line for Pens tickets, I decided to hit up the Strip District and check out this breakfast institution. It's been featured on the Travel and Food networks, and I knew I was in store for something special. There was a huge line of people waiting in freezing weather. Since I was alone, I decided to try and skip the huge line and nab a seat at the bar, which was a stellar idea.

The service here was great. Although everyone working here was buzzing around at incredible speeds, they still regularly checked in on me. After I ordered my food, it came out quickly and I had my refills of coffee. The atmosphere here is my favorite part. A long, counter bar runs the length of the establishment. Behind it are cooks hard at work on equipment that must be at least fifty years old. It it's not broken, don't fix it! I was also in the back, in full veiw of a wipeboard that helps employees keep track of everything. They needed to order five box of coffee and also didn't want employees to forget the holiday bowling party.  Simply put: this place is fun.

The coffee is whatever, not bad, not great. For the food, I knew as soon as my eyes set on it: MOAB, or mother of all burritos. This was a huge soft tortilla filled with chorizo, scrambled eggs, hot banana peppers, tomatoes, onions, avocado and homefries. It's topped with salsa, cheddar and sour cream. Overall, delicious. There's a lot of flavors going on, but I really enjoyed this, and it was certainly filling enough to keep me going until dinner. Deluca's doesn't use the best ingredients, and it wasn't the most delicious breakfast, but I really enjoyed my visit. I'd go again.

Bottom Line: Enjoy the show by sitting at the bar. Marvel at the staff, and soak up the atmosphere. The food's not bad either. Cash only.
It was my friend's idea to come here and I'm not familiar with this area so, why not? We went here at night and we were the only ones running around except for the cop and security guys. I'm not sure why there was police tape everywhere so, I jumped over them. 

They have a health trail that's only half a mile long...super short! Along the trail are pull up bars, balance beam, a bench where you can do leg lifts\/ crunches and poles where you can do balancing and lunges. It was pretty quiet when we went except for when some teenage bikers were being loud and obnoxious.

I wanted to shoot some hoops but when we ran back towards the car, the security guy was blocking my car taking my plate number. WTH?
I went in to pay for my parents repairs that Big O said only a new engine would fix (which the problem was a result of Big O servicing, but more on that in their review). I was met by the owner who identified himself as such and began explaining the problem and even having the bad part to show. Seems honest and down to earth. Not at all trying to come up on the fact that I have no idea about car repair, which is what we are all afraid of.

 We were referred by a friend and now I want to pass the referral on. Would not hesitate to use them in the future.
This is an A-OK experience - friendly vendors, more variety than I expected, and a convenient location.  I think it is cool that it operates year-round.  I just cannot see this as the most amazing thing ever because I have been to such amazing farmers markets like Portland and San Diego recently.  However, we did end up with some great things.

Eric R., who has always viewed my taste for tea on a daily basis as odd, enjoyed the iced tea sample at Grandma Shirley's Tea booth, and said he would like some!  So I purchased for him this tea blend (it had orange peel and peach flavors), and also got for myself Coconut Crave and Black Jasmine with vanilla.

We ended up at the Snack Shack, run by some nice folks originally from Alabama, and I purchased the dried kiwi I read about recently on Yelp, dried pears, and dried pineapples.  The prices were really good.  I would probably go back in the future - we did not get a chance to try the olive oil booth because it was crowded.

Also, the Bon Bread Company that I tried at the Molto Vegas Market was there, and they had pretzel bread but they even admitted it was hard to keep them from condensing so I didn't get any.
I've had 2 surgeries done here 6 months apart, Lt & Rt  shoulder Rotor Cuff repairs. The pre op and post op lady's were extremely professional, attentive, caring and sincerely nice. I'm very pleased with both visits and highly recommend this facility.
Started with a Groupon.  They had great communication around setting up the appointment!  They had very respectful and personable technicians.  They wore booties to protect my place and were incredibly knowledgeable about the cause\/effect of bacteria, mold, dust and allergens in the A\/C and ducting.  These are MY GUYS!  They did a fantastic job!
My husband and I dined at BdB last night for the first and last time.  The reasons being first and foremost their prices are ridiculously high for what you get.  Secondly, the food was okay, but not what I would call spectacular.  I realize everyone's taste is different, hence the two stars and not one.  We've had far superior Italian food at The Olive Garden for less cost and the same level of service.  The two bright spots were the atmosphere (very colorful and interesting) and most of all, the service which was outstanding.  Since we'd never been here before, we wanted to check it out.  Our curiosity being satisfied, we can now safely say "Arrivederci!" to Buca di Beppo!
Freaking awesome pizza place. It was a last minute decision to run over to MidiCi for lunch on a Saturday. I had very low expectations, it is Desert Ridge after all. We were blown away!

We only ordered pizza, but it was delicious. The crust was perfect and the ingredients were fresh on the Margherita and House Pesto that we ordered. MidiCi has a contemporary vibe and  a wide range of choices on the menu.

You. Must. Go.
Simple, but effective\/efficient serving model. Everything was high quality and quite tasty. A real bargain!
Had a very good burger here, just wish the burger patty was thicker. Better than Five Guys by far... I got the natural angus burger with regular bun. The burger was juicy and tasteful. Again it would have gotten a five star rating if patty was bigger. My friend ordered burger from Five Guys across the street, it was dry and average. They didn't even finish their burger, I felt bad and let them rehab on half of my delicious Cave Man burger... they felt better.
Cinco de mayo... 2 hour long wait... Laura is the best server I've had downtown ever. With all of the chaos she was incredibly sweet, quick, and efficient the entire time. The food is incredible.. But more importantly, the service during my "hangry" hour was incredible thanks to Laura!!
Just visited for my first time and it blew away my expectations! Very clean and serene setting, nice music in the massage room and comfortable beds. I had the 60 minute reflexology massage. Started with a cranial massage while my feet soaked in a warm bath, Tina was great, she covered every area of the body, I felt so relaxed. I will definitely go back for more!
Maybe eat in is better than carry out.  My carry out of beef vermicelli noodles was disappointing.  Maybe it would have been better if I ate there vs carry out.  Reasonable prices though.
This is a sitdown pizza restaurant located inside Aria. I gave this place four stars because it has what you need from a good pizza place. If you're looking for just slices they have some to go however they do not offer slices of pizza when you sit down in the restaurant. 

The pizzas are hefty and good sized, enough for 2 people (maybe even more depending how much you eat). We ordered the Catania which is a pizza with white sauce, Italian sausage and tomato. I personally really liked this pizza. It came out nice and hot with a slightly charred thin crust and an abundance of cheese. The white sauce made the top of the pizza have a creamier texture, so you get the crispy texture from the crust along with the softness of the cream all in the same bite. The markings of a good pizza. 

We are also ordered the chicken wings for an appetizer. The wings were dressed with flavor. Had a little kick to it but it was sort of a sweet and spicy type of dressing. Came out with a little bit of ranch for dipping. I could have done without the wings. Anyway, overall four stars all around.
SWEET BABY JESUS!! ORGASMIC!

So I LOVE tacos and any Mexican food for that matter; they have GREAT food here! The price, quality, and quantity is ace! Everything was seasoned PERFECTLY! I got the muelitas and ordered some carne asada tacos for my son. I went to the salsa bar and was a little hesitant to get salsa (I'm a visual eater and this didnt look yummy) but I got some anyway along with some limes. I went and got my beloved horchata and was in heaven because it was a self serve!! I took one drink and seen cherubs!! It was def love! 

We got home and I salsa and limed up my muelitas and took a bite; I swear the earth stopped for like 5 seconds and I seen angels flying around!! PERFECT! Thank goodness I got the hot salsa because it was delish!!!! The muelita melted in my mouth and I was in love; I couldnt get enough! The carne asada, cheese, and avocado was totally mastered! My sons carne asada tacos were wonderful! We ate all the food up!

The place is pretty large and just a plain seating area. Remember! Youre going for the food, and not the ambiance!! I've been to super pricey restaurants and the food was hella shitty!

Go here NOW! And bring an extra set of panties bc you may very well cream them!!
I LOVED THIS BUFFET, pretty funny because its buffet food, but this was delicious buffet food. I ant say enough good things about the biscuits and gravy, very classic. This is a great deal, if your staying at the Aria a must!
Awesome sauce(s)!  They know what they are doing with their sauces.  Included in this is their olive oil with Parmesan that they have for the super tasty pre-dinner bread.  Also super enjoyed the fresh tomato basil sauce on the stuffed hot (yes they were) banana peppers for the appetizer. And for the main course I got the spinach ravioli in a dreamy tomato basil & cream sauce topped with Parmesan.  Yes, I licked it clean.  I'm sad I didn't ask if they bottled that sauce so I could take some home.

This place is on the smaller side so make sure to have reservations or stop in on off times.  I also recommend skipping the pizza.  Two friends I went with got different pizzas but neither were all that impressive.
$7.96 for 2 glasses of iced tea?!?! That's crazy! The food was nothing special, and the service was slow. I won't be coming back, it's not worth the money.
I finally decided to get my first TT bike. It something that been on my wish list ever since my first (sprint) triathlon last year. Triathlons and endurance sports has not only been my life, my passion, and along the way have gotten to know great people great friends. Tim and Danny without question are not only great people but guys that truly care about each and every customer! 

Why?? I have been going to Vegas Bike Store since purchased my first bike online. Just short cliff note from first review. Never from the minute walked in the store did they hold that against me. Some shops insists you buy their brand they carry, turn blind eye, or worst get crappy customer service. Tim and Danny are more then happy to help you with ANY bike bring into the store. Tim and Danny wealth of knowledge when it comes to cycling is amazing. From every component on a bike, current in the market, comparing brand names, talking about parts, or tour de france (shows true cycling fanatics cause that the super bowl for the sport). They explain everything thoroughly with you going over all your options and never pushing you to get the top end product! They really help you get something that can afford on one budget but at the same time get the best quality for that price. Still even then nothing forced no you. It might seem beating the same old drum. But you could never recognize great service enough in life. I know might be small shop but been to lot of bike shops around town. Biggest difference.....At Vegas Bike Store they treat you like family and truly appreciate your business.

I purchased the Pico Bianchi TT bike. I also upgraded my wheels to pair of American Classic race wheels. Carbon 58 Clincher. The race wheels kicks up the bike another level. It perfect compliment not only taking my cycling another level. It looks sweet combine with the Bianchi famous celeste color and Bianchi brand that over 130 years company been around. I could not be more happier with my bike! Mahalos to Tim and Danny. No other bike shop would trust with my bike. I have joined Tim and the crew for Thursday group ride. It lot of fun! Great for all levels. They also have Saturday group rides.
Food was not prepared by a chef - pre-made lobster roll, soggy, small chunks of lobster and not seasoned well.

Same for the clam chowder -- which was canned.   No excuse for this.

Coffee was good

Highly overpriced for the products.
Pre-ordered and yet still had to wait 40 min for the food. They didn't start making it until we arrived. Awful service, and the food quality has also gone down. Osmow's was once a favourite, but it really isn't worth it! This is the last time we eat here!
Came back after many years...still delicious.  Amazing service, prompt, elegant... lemons for the water without having to ask for them! One course after the other... just like a concert, everything in harmony.  We are impressed, happy and will be back really soon.  Thanks for a great evening!
My girlfriend treated me to dinner and she suggested to come here.  I was a little weary, however, I wanted to give them another chance.  I haven't been here in over 4 years.  I am not sure if they are the same owners or if there is another chef, but our meals were really good.  I had the scallops over mashed sweet potatoes, who doesn't love sweet potatoes.  The scallops were sweet and tender.  Delicious.  My friend ordered the halibut over forbidden rice.  I had a bite of the forbidden rice, very tasty.  I need to come again and check some other dishes.
Absolutely love having this place near our home. They have great subs with fresh ingredients with quick and excellent service. Hope Dave's stays around for a long time !
When we received stale bread upon our arrival, I wish we would have left.  Looking to give this new local restaurant a try, we stayed and ordered the zucchini for an appetizer, which was good; however nothing special.  After eating our app we waited approx 45 mins to receive our salads and wait for our drinks to be refilled and plates to be taken off the table.  Keep in mind, the restaurant was almost empty but there were only two people working.  Our waitress did not only function in that role but many others as well, she was waitress\/bartender\/busboy\/manager.... I think she may have even been in the back cooking some things as well. Anyways, the service was lacking along with the quality of food.  Overall, our experience dining here was one of the worsts, and we do not plan on ever going back, we left here with sick stomachs, and a lot of time wasted.  
There are many better restaurants in the area, I would much rather spend my money at.
Went here to grab a bite after viewing the lights at Glendale Glitters last night.
I haven't had a burger in years like this one! WOW. Hot. and I do mean hot off the grill. Great 50's and 60's atmosphere, great oldies music in the background, that was loud enough for Cortana to let me know what the song was, but not so loud that you couldn't carry on a conversation. Doesn't get much better than that! If you're ever in Glendale stop in. You won't regret it.
We've went through various daycares in the area before signing up with Kids&Company.  I even dropped by few times to make sure what I saw during our tour was what you'd actually get.  The site is very well maintained and extremely clean.  

The meals and snacks are carefully planned by a nutritionists who incorporate diverse menu (fish, tofu, various ethnic menus like pad thai) that incorporates seasonal veggies and fruits.  

I cannot say enough about the staff though - they truly love what they do and it shows.  From the day we started transitioning my little one at 12 months, all the teachers have shown nothing but love and care.  They make sure each child is engaged and cared for and I am always grateful for all the work that they do with the children.  

The webcam access to the room is also a bonus (it came really handy during the first few weeks when it was just as much of a transition period for me as it was for my child - I may have spent a good chunk of my day watching\/weeping\/laughing).

Another added bonus is how responsive the head-office is to suggestions.  Parents are encouraged to give feedback and suggestions and they are very responsive to parents' inputs.  The weekly newsletter also allows us to know what my little one has been learning so that we can reinforce some of the things at home (ex. songs or books that they have been learning).

Kids and Company really is as good as it gets in terms of daycare :)
Ever since Charkha closed, we've been searching for a replacement.  Happy to report the search is over!  This place is awesome.  We shared the gobi 65 appetizer which was fantastic.  We also shared a rasam soup which was great and a dosa which was the best dosa I've ever eaten.  For entrees (I know.  We seriously pigged out) I had a vegetable chettinad and the husband had a chicken dish.  The chettinad was delicious with a very nice kick to it.  The only downside to the restaurant is that they don't serve alcohol, but there is a place across the street where you can get beer and bring it to the restaurant.  For me, this is hands down the best Indian in Ctown.  I literally cannot wait to go back.
Nice casual seating upstairs, friendly, well-organized service (remember to take a number!) and some really well-done baked goods. Not the best I've had in my life, but well up in the top of Montreal's selection.
I love this place! They are locally owned and go above and beyond with their great service. They are better and quicker than the larger chain carwash's. I'm so glad I found them!
Ordered take out: spicy salmon roll, avocado roll, dragon roll. Worst sushi I have ever had. The rice was so old and not chewable! Honestly what a waste of money. I will never order from this place again.
4.5 stars for Island Flavor! My craving for some spam musubis lead my fiancé to pick me up some from Island Flavor! He also decided to get the Portuguese sausage fried rice to bring home too. The spam musubi's were huge!!!! bigger than what I had in Hawaii, but they were delicious. Rice was cooked perfectly and the spam was not too sweet and not too salty. One spam musubi would have filled me up, but since I'm a hungry hippo I just had to try the fried rice. Fried rice was good, maybe a lil too soggy for my tastes, but that's Hawaiian style? It came with 4 big pieces of sausages and there was a huge scrambled egg on top. The rice itself had lil pieces of BBQ pork which was fatty but tasty. Overall, I was pretty impressed and I know I will be returning for more musubis!!
The Chandler location on Germann Rocks! The staff is always nice and the food is great for the price! I love dinning with deals and right now Mon - Wed from 4pm - close they offer any 11" pizza, that's right pile on as many toppings as you like, for only $5!
We visited last night, March 2. The service was slow and without personality. the food was cold and the portions were small and overpriced. I had a stomach aches within minutes of leaving and couldn't get home fast enough.
Best Mexican Food I have had so far since living in the valley.  It's quick, hearty, authentic, and VERY well priced.  The tacos, enchiladas, quacomole, tortillas and chips are amazing.  Will definintely be going back here frequently.  Only recommendation would be for them to sell queso.  The chips are soooo good its a crime to not have queso for them ( I sadly do realize how un-authentic queso dip is, but still love it).  Writing this has made me hungry, think I'll head there now...
Definitely the best fish taco place in the area! Everything was fresh and delicious. I wish this place was closer to Chandler so I can eat there every day.
Such a fun store!  I wish I had more money to invest in the kitchen supplies, WINE accessories (!!!!), coffee\/tea chotchkies, and random treats.  I picked up so many presents at this store for family and friends.  Anybody that knows me, knows that I struggle when it comes to gift giving so this store is a life saver.  

I picked up a coconut chocolate bar that lasted me a week because I wanted to really experience it.  That right there is unheard of...any chocolate maybe lasts a day with me.  They also have Moonstruck which is from my old stomping grounds of Portland, which made me happy.  They do have a great selection of local options as well.

I got a Madison mug that has a really artistic bike on it.  I have been trying to add to my mug collection and this one was great to represent Madison!  I have not been able to find a better and it is not the usual Starbucks city mug, much more personality!

yeah, so, if you want unique, fun and have some time to explore, hit up Orange Tree for shizzle.
Most of the Vegas Starbucks don't seem to have card scanners so visiting a Starbucks here is like the Visa commercial when the guy uses cash and slows down the entire line. I agree with other reviewers who said that the lines get long here, especially when there is a conference in the hotel. The combo of the long line and slow operation can make a coffee run take about 20 minutes so be sure to build that into your morning schedule. The staff are friendly and the food and drinks are delicious as always.
I come here every so often when I'm in the area and need some eyebrow TLC. 

The same lady works always works when I come in, I like that there isn't a wait and that it only costs $7 to get your eyebrows done. She's very nice, gentle, and takes her time shaping my eyebrows. I always enjoy my experience when I get them done here.
Went there at 10 am, not crowded, we were greeted nicely, the staff was great & very "nurturing" when they found out we were 1st timers. Lets get right to the food!
RED DRANK (fruitkoolaid) wow, Im a guy who usually drinks lightly sweetened tea so this was a shock LOL  mucho koolaid packets + mucho sugar!  CHICKEN- done right! not greasy, just perfect! GREENS- honestly the best ive had MAC-N-CHEESE OMG i had high hopes, and they exceeded them! as a corn bread hater I even liked the cb muffin. WAFFLES- awesome also. NO WEAK LINKS HERE!
We plan on taking all the family when they come to town!
THE ONLY CON- didnt have a "hood rich" shirt in my size!
Went to Mor on New Years Day and bought a brand new master bedroom set and mattress.  Ann was our salesperson. She was awesome.  Great personality, and worked to get us the best price.  If you are looking for furniture go to Mor and ask for Ann..
Omg I heard a lot about it. 
First of all, amazing staff. Super chill and relax. Beautiful. 
We went for the Chef selection and omgogmg. 
It came with the Christmas tree weee. Lobster one. AMAZING woooow. 
Freaking tower of juicy lobby meat.
The waiter came with a big plate of special sushi and explained us how it works and which sauce goes with what. 
If you have only had sushi from sushi shop or all you can eat, this is from another level. Each bite was amazing. Definitely a must go. 
Good place for a date. Good experience.
Julio hooked me up with a custom door with a doggy door installed in it, very reasonable price and same day custom service. A guy at Lowes referred me to The Door Depot.
Pros: Clean \/ Few darned good trainers.

Cons: Dark inside, staff changes frequently and personalities are just OK.  Equipment is outdated and only the pads have ever been updated.  My spouse and I had been members on and off for 8 years and mostly returned for the location factor. 

Recent cancellation attempts were nearly impossible.  Each time my husband made the drive back there to cancel, he was told a manager must be present to cancel a membership - how terribly inconvenient and unnecessary.  The THIRD and final time, I went with him to cancel.  We were told the manager is ONCE AGAIN, not there, which the day before we were told she would be there.  

"Cammeron" took our information, had my husband sign a piece of paper with his login information, but nothing to show cancellation.  I requested said documentation but was told the information would have to be forwarded to the manager and that she would be in the next day 9-5.  

I called the the following day at 12:51PM and guess what?? NO manager, again.  However, a very competent sounding employee (shocker) named Gabby was very helpful and said the account showed to be canceled and no further dues would be debited...we shall see.

It should be noted that we tried four times by phone to the toll-free membership services department for 24-Hour Fitness, who outsources their call center -- very frustrating. This problem was much worse the last time we tried to cancel and our dues were taken out three more months than we were told and we had to badger the former manager for our refund.  Oddly enough, our address was current with the club location, but the corporate office sent a check to an old address, and they were supposed to credit our bank account.  

Don't waste your time.  Try another gym.  In fact, if you are close enough to go to Planet Fitness at Arizona Ave\/Loop 202 SanTan...GO!!!  No waiting for equipment, no grumpy aqua ladies that drag water ALL over the locker room like at 24 HOUR FITNESS, no annoying ZUMBA class attendants clogging the walkways, no childcare...simple, clean and friendly.
Love their doughnuts. Maple bars are my fav. Coffee is always hot, service is always friendly.
Actually, it seems to be on the last Sunday of every month now--you'll need to check their website for dates: http:\/\/www.chaiyacmm.org\/
It's well worth it to find this event! Every time we go, there are a few different things.
These guys were slammed and they were able to get me in and fix my tire, best part was that there was no charge.  Unbelievable, they just fixed my tired for free...Wow!!! I never expected that they just fix tires... How do you stay in business when you do things for free... Well I know how... By earning my business for ever! Thanks again discount tire
This may be the smallest AJs in Scottsdale and they appear to have the most limited selection. Their food is more fresh and well maintained than the store on Thompson Peak and that is a definite plus!  The staff are also much more helpful but the Fryes in this area is a better store.
Overall physically a nice hotel, no casino so you don't get the strip riff raff passing through.  Rooms are nice sized and clean.  The shuttles to the Wynn and Ceasars ran as stated.

MAJOR CON:  If your room is on the side of the hotel facing the 15 FWY, you are going to hear train horns ALL NIGHT LONG.  If you get a really really good price on a room, beware, you will be woken up 2-4 a night from the train horn.  There is a car crossing point that has gates that come down that apparently require the train to honk it's horn as it approaches.  

Mr. Trump, your FIRED.  Next time we'll spend the extra $$$ and stay at the The Cosmopolitan.
Had the jerk chicken for $16.99. What a pitiful yardbird that was, extremely dry and then the green beans that went with it were not even cooked!! Margaritas defiantly helped me choke down my dinner and sleep a little better too :)
Grand place to get a perfect pint of Guinness and some Thirsty Dog beers.  Gem of a place: perfect happy hour spot.
Really good breakfast strombolis here!  Got the veggie Stromboli as I was rushing through terminal C to my gate.  Service was friendly and helpful.  Food was nice, hot and very fresh.  Flavors were really good.  
I'd stop in here for food when in this terminal again sometime!
Very cool people came out and fixed everything I needed - efficient. Brian came out and was extremely helpful.
If you have never been to China this is more authentic than a place that serves General Tsao's Chicken.  If you have been to China this is not authentic.  2 stars for kind and attentive service!
This place is fantastic! Down home, great food. The cinnamon rolls are incredible. The servers and bussers are SLO super friendly and very attentive-our coffee cups never went empty! I don't live in the area but would come here anytime I'm nearby.
I'm a S&B regular. Lunch specials are good and lots of variety. I've never had the actual fish as I stick to the vegetarian options and they are good. Would recommend for lunch!

***UPDATE***
Last week I ordered their vegetarian bento box for takeout... they forgot my miso soup and my tempura sauce. Called in and told the lady and she was very suspicious "ERM, are you SURE I forgot the stuff?" Eventually she apologized and I told her I'd be back over in a few minutes. When i arrived she shoved the soup and sauce into my hands and quickly walked to the rear of the restaurant. NO apology, not even a BAG. OK minus 1 point for you, Sushi and Bento.

Today... it happens again. I ask for no dressing on my salad and order the same vegetarian bento box. This time i get the male owner on the phone after calling in regards to my missing tempura sauce. He says "UMMM OK you come back!" and hangs up on me. Not to mention, my salad is floating in this vinegar-y "dressing". Minus 2 points.

The food is good but service is horrible. I've had little hiccups in my 4 year "relationship" with this place but I'm fed up. I will be avoiding S&B from now on and only dealing with their antics when I'm in desperate need of some Japanese. and even then... I will ALWAYS check my order.
Was here again for a regular lunch with my wife. The food is okay. It is only 12.99 all u can eat. The rolls used to be much bigger but it shrank today. Maybe cost of food went up.

I have been to other all u can eats and I will only come here for lunch. Dinner is overpriced I am not such a great fan of sashimi. 

Yes, I wished they don't force that 10% service charge. It is a real turnoff.

Order the drinks. Their food is salty. Very salty. Their salads are nice.  don't order their fried desserts. U have been warned.

Staff is okay. I think they are very understaffed more than uncaring. 

Remember, lunch is a better deal than dinner.
Overlooking the flats district and the old stone bridge、Luca's ambiance and traditional menu arrangements recall authentic Italian cuisine on Italian streets, complete with Italian pop playing over the restaurant sound system. 

Our group eschewed alcohol this evening, but the wine list was filled with bottles from Italy, and had some of my favorites, as well as a fair selection of North American and smattering of French wines as well. 

The sacchete with figs was exquisite and something I would recommend anyone. Great contrast between the fig's sweetness and the sauce. Wonderful flavor and delightful to the palate. 

I had tagliatelle bolognese and my friends had the ravioli with lobster and the third pasta we ordered eludes me. 

Overall, great experience, ambiance and cuisine.
Food is consistently hot, fresh, and delicious, and I love that there is so much variety on the menu.  There are lots of vegetarian and vegan options and tasty margaritas.  Love eating there in the spring and summer when the windows are open.  Just wish it weren't so crowded.
I had really good service about a month ago, I came in another time and service has declined, last time I was there, this blonde girl did an amazing job, where did she go?
I'd been to Honey Salt a couple times for dinner & didn't love it. Or really like it. Hearing the menu is different for brunch\/lunch, I gave it a shot & went for the Chick-fil-a'esque sandwich. Goodness, it's deliciousness! Anyway, a friend who hadn't been to Honey Salt wanted to go there for dinner. We started with the turkey meatballs, she got the salmon & I got the chicken. We thoroughly enjoyed everything: the salmon had a clean taste & was quite refreshing & the chicken was prepared perfectly & the au jus & slightly spicy mac & cheese were a tasty compliment. The desserts speak for themselves... even not being sold on Honey Salt a year ago, I always raved that I could go there just for dessert. But, I'm sold now on the other stuff on the menu!
I visited my family in Las Vegas and been wanting to try this restaurant because my sister has been raving about it. We usually don't like any Filipino restaurants bc we always think our mom can make it at home way better. I was happy about this restaurant, service was great and fast and most importantly, the food was great (still not comparable to mom's)! We ordered the crab fried rice and it was a simple dish - typical fried rice topped with a crab omelette meant to mixes with rice. We also ordered the sinigang na hipon which is also good but could've been more sour. We also ordered the karekare with bagoong and it's one of my favorite entrees. My two most favorite that we ordered was the pritong bangus and the pork sisig!! The fish was cooked right and it has a citrusy flavor to it and the best best one -- the sisig! It came in a sizzling plate with lemon wedges and it was crunchy in the bottom with right amount of onions and jalapeños, it was so good I'm dreaming about it now. For the dessert, we of course ordered the halo-halo. It was what I expected, toppings, milky shaved ice and the ube ice cream but it was yummy and we finished it too after we are everything else! This is a great meeting place for my family and I; will definitely go back when I'm in town again.
I've been here twice in the past 3 days. It's a brunch place with your traditional items along with Island inspired dishes and interesting pancakes. I tried their Rick's adobo fried rice, which comes wrapped in an omelette-style egg, and the loco moco, which has two eggs any style you want on house made burger patty on top of steamed white rice slathered in their gravy. Both were really good, although definitely a bit heavy for the morning. I opted to spend $1.50 more to add on their babystack pancakes as a side. I tried the red velvet which was delicious with the whipped cream but the cream cheese syrup was too heavy for me. The smores was okay. It didn't have much  chocolate chips and marshmallow in the batter and the toppings were lacking. Wish I tried the banana foster instead. 

My boyfriend liked the baby chick and omelette and the build your own omelette option. He also usually doesn't like pancakes but he actually enjoyed their cookies and cream pancakes.

Service was a hit or miss depending on how busy they are. We went weekday mornings so we didn't have to wait long but both times it was busy, although one day was definitely more bustling. It took a while to get their attention
Best skin care ever, walk in at the mall, the lady is so amazing! She helps you find what your looking for let's you try it. From the skin care to the make up. I'm hooked best hands down it's natural it's good for your skin! If you haven't gone in there go asap. Only place I will ever get make up & skincare from now on feeling blessed !!
My favorite bingo hall! Dobbers only and everyone is very nice. It's also nice because it's non-smoking so you don't even smell any smoke. Cash balls are usually over $1k. I wish the room was bigger but other than that I always have a good time here.
For a fast-casual restaruant, I am pleased with Pei Wei. It is very clean and the food always seems to be fresh.  I like the fact that they have a good selection of different styles of Asian dishes...whether you are in the mood for Pad Thai or Mandarin style Kung Pao Chicken.  The gluten free Vietnamese rolls are good here too. 

I have eaten in several times and the preparation of the food is pretty quick.  I have also picked up take-out, which can be ordered online or by phone.  If you are looking  for an inexpensive, fast, and convenient place with good quality, this is a great choice!
Don't come here if you had real Ramen before. And if you're asian, definitely don' try lol Instant Korean ramen noodles broth is better than this. I feel like this place is operated by non-asian people who don't put soul in the ramen. 
Quick lunch? Sure why not. 
Wanna enjoy ramen? There are places in town that do better than this. 
Sorry that I have to leave 1 star review.
I was a guest of the Linq and the high roller was calling our name! We we're able snag a a pair of tickets with a little discount by showing our room key or invoice that you are staying there. They have two options a happy hour ride where you have a bartender on there serving you drinks or just a regular ride but you can still bring your drink on with you. We did the regular ride which was perfect and almost have the cost. The ride is about 30 minutes long and it lets you see almost all Vegas has to offer! You can see the strip and beyond to the specs of sand of the Desert. You get the best view of the city at the High roller if you can spend it, it's definitely worth it. It's great for just one or two people to a larger group. It's something everyone can enjoy and appreciate.
Rushed mani and pedi and mediocre polish job.   Place was dirty\/dusty and almost all of the polishes were congealing  - like they added way too much thinner or something and it started a chemical change.  Will never go back.
We had AYCE which was awesome!!! The presentation as well as the quality was the best.Lots of choices and a great and comfortable atmosphere. I almost gave them 5 stars except the service was a little slow.Sushi Wa is my new go to place for Sushi.
LOVE! The place was cute and clean, super nice staff and good prices. It was half off my first time and you get to pick a free pair of adorable panties each time you go. The women who did my wax was super sweet, professional and got every last one of those hairs!
Good food, cheapest and the staff was really polite and gave us a lot attention. I recommend it if you aren't critical food.
Calling to book was simple and easy. The owners are very friendly and customer service driven. Melissa was fantastic and incredibly helpful with set up and arranging our reservation for our daughter's birthday party. On the day of the party, Jose showed up right on time, was very nice and took his time explaining everything to us. The slide was a hit for the kids at the party and they really enjoyed it. Pick up of the slide was on time, quick, and simple. It is very evident that every person we interacted with, especially the owners, want to make sure their customers are very happy with each step along the way. Great company!
quality of food can at times vary; majority of times, its been good to ok; spiciness can be adjusted and can be brought up to the "real indian spicy" level! lunch buffet is ok; ambience could have been better.
Good location and clean fast food place. Better than others I have been to.
There's not a whole lot to say except this store Rocks!  Tony, who helped us on Sunday afternoon, was incredibly knowledgable. He took the time to fit everyone with the proper helmet and inserts.  It was the equivalent of a custom fitting. He could have easily "upsold" , but didn't.  When it comes to helmets for quads, I will never go anywhere else.
I've been coming here with my family for about a year and a half.

Service: Great, the waiters are always courteous and accommodating. Food can take a little long sometimes with a larger group but nothing to worry about.

Food: The Red Snapper is some of the best fish I've ever had (get it with curry on it). The Pad Thai is good but I prefer a more spicier and curried Pad Thai. Their soups are about average. All in all, I would recommend to stick with curry's and rices (apart from the snapper).
While picking out donuts,  discovered an entire tray of glazed donuts covered, COVERED in ants. I was beyond horrified.  

The lady behind the counter didn't seem shocked in the slightest, I suspect that they are completely aware they have an ant problem.  Places like this are why the health department exist.
We've been a family of Lifetime members for 6 years now--and you get what you pay for.  Having a 7y.o. son, this is perfect for us.  The Kids center makes it!  They have computers, toddler room with big screen tv and toddler toys, a baby room, and inside jungle gym that knocks McDs out of the water, an outside jungle gym, and a basketball court that they use for all sorts of activities.  Okay, so for the grown ups--there's plenty of equipment to choose from, rarely a wait.  TVs that you can tune to, if thats your thing.  Group fitness classes, which i've done and enjoyed.  The trainers that i've worked with are always very positive and encouraging, and knowledgeble. They have 2 aerobic rooms with lots of different classes to choose from.  The locker rooms are really nice and clean, plenty of showers.  Saunas in the locker rooms, along with a TV and a lounge to sit in, and hair dryers and many outlets too.  There are 2 jacuzzis, multiple pools, indoor and outdoors.  2 of them for laps, 2 kid friendly with water fountains to play in and water slides.

They offer summer camps for the kids--10 hours of swim and gym!!!  A rock climbing wall, racquet ball courts, and 2 basketball courts.  And they offer many classes for adults and kids too!

And they have the LifeCafe--which can satisfy your cravings in healthy ways, with sandwiches or shakes.  And the LifeSpa too, where you can get your hair cut\/styled, manicures and pedicures or a fabulous massage.  

Like i said, you get what you pay for.  It's not cheap, but hands down the perfect gym for families!
Lovely place with great decor. The place was slow so we got excellent service and the food was delicious and enough to have for lunch tomorrow we will be back
FOOD WAS HORRIBLE! why didn't i listen to the reviews on Yelp? Im stubborn and wanted to give this place a try. All of their food tastes just like their strawberry chicken. was it really all strawberry chickens made to look like beef, pork.. wonton.. etc? maybe they mass produced this -said, strawberry chicken and masked it to look like other items on the menu. whatever. shitty food. good luck.
This is my first visit, everyone is friendly and professional. Nice facility gate, great chiropractor.
I waited over a year to re-try this place. The theory was: If they stayed in business this long maybe they've fixed things. The menu is better with more selections. Service is slow which doesn't mix well with airport crowds. There are too many tables per sq foot and people consistently walk into table. 

Good place to go if the world runs out of restaurants.

Food was 2 star
Service 1 star
Ambiance 1 star, (because zero isn't permitted)
I was surprised, like Shawn, that the O'Callaghan-Tillman Memorial Bridge had not been entered on Yelp, and I'm glad he did.

What more can one say?  I watched the bridge over the years it was being built and I have photos from various stages of construction.  It truly is an engineering marvel.

Walking across the bridge gives you a stunning view of Hoover Dam and the beginnings of Lake Mead behind.  If you're afraid of heights, the walk may not be for you, but the sidewalk is wide and it's well worth doing.

Every time I've been at the bridge, there have been a lot of people doing this walk.  It has become a second tourist destination at Hoover Dam.
The Bear has great breakfast and a typical Diner environment. The food is very consistent every time I visit.  They keep it clean and the staff is usually very nice.  If you wanna get breakfast on the weekend get there early or your going to wait a little while for a table.  They don't have enough parking so you might end up parking at the hotel that shares the lot with the BB.  I go for breakfast mostly but I have had some good dinners there as well.
I like anything with fresh fruit and ice cream so, that made me a fan already.  

Environment and Structure: Clean and cool, bright, and fun decor.  Although I did notice maintenance paper covering some windows all the way towards the ceiling.  Maybe they weren't done renovating? Free Wi-Fi to do homework\/study which is a major plus =)  There's a glass separation between you and the crepe-making table so you can see your order being made.  What I disliked about it was how tall it was.  I could barely hear the employee on the other side of the bar and I couldn't speak to her either.  There are shirts hanging on the wall for self-promotion.  And they're pretty cute if you're a serious fan and you want to purchase them.

Customers: Not busy the day I visited, but the owner (who personally made the crepes my friend and I had ordered) said it was a slow day.  There's usually more people.  This crowd consisted of people in their teens to early 20's.  Since my friend and I were first-timers, one of the customers even suggested her favorites to us.  That was nice of her.

Service: Very nice employees who seem eager to help.  But the cashier seemed annoyed because I think I was talking to him too much.  For the impatient people, these crepes take time.  The crepes are made and fruits are sliced to order so it'll take a while if you're on the go.  I wouldn't go here if you've got only 3 minutes til you have to get to work. And imagine if there was a long line...

The Food: Fluffy crepe batter.  Fresh fruit.  Yummy and cold ice cream.  Did I say fresh fruit?  It was wrapped in a paper cone which annoyed me because 1) the paper is thick to rip apart and 2) I kept biting into it.  But otherwise, it's a sturdy holder for your crepe.  

I would definitely love to come here again because it was delicious and the people are nice and helpful.  Plus, fruit is yummy.
I walked in on my birthday, unsure of what I wanted. The guy at Cold Stone gifted me the ice cream I picked! I was shocked! It absolutely made my day. The ice cream was delicious. I'll be back!
We went to La Bocca with a group of 15 and it was great!  I can see how people are comparing it to Postino.  The concept is the same for sure.  Bruschettas, Salads, Pizza-- you know, that type of food. 

Our servers were very kind, attentive and handled our party really well.  We ordered prior to arriving and that was a good idea.  It's lighter fare, perfect for light bites and drinkies!

And when the bill comes, it comes in this cute little bill folder, not those long skinny ones but a cute little square.  I took a picture of it, I will post it.
I would like to give 5 stars to the manager, Raz Peri, for taking care of us the other night. Came here to celebrate my grandfathers bday and we were very excited for the all you can eat KING crab legs. When we arrived and found out what they meant by that (a few king crab legs scattered in with decent snow crab legs) I was disappointed since I  remember the day when they would pile up mound after mound of pre-cut king crab on your plate.  Raz explained how much Bacchanal was losing when they were doing this so they had to scale back. He then took care of us with a big, fat plate of king crab for the miscommunication. Much appreciated!
Delicious! Pizza lovers will be pleased. During my first visit, was greeted by friendly staff and quick service. They explained how to build a pizza, but I decided to go with red vine signature pizza. It came out within 3-5 minutes. Crust is thin and crispy, sauce or cheese was a bit salty but overall good. I was planning to only eat half, but that didn't work out. Ate the whole thing! I do like that they post calories so you can keep track if you need to. I'll definitely be visiting again. The place very clean too.
Yo.... The food here is amazing. 

The service here is amazing.

That's it. That's all you'll need to know about it. Diet friendly if you make the right options. I recommend the Shrimp and chicken combo plate. I'm eating it now. Crying tears of joy.
the best BOBA in town.
they use fresh fruit in all of their smoothies.
the boba is cooked perfectly - not too soft, not too hard, spot on!
and not too much either.
the proportion of drink to boba is exactly how we like it.

gotta say, the small mom and pop joints are still far better than all of the franchises.
Oh Metro, why is it that you only ever have 2 people on cash...

Metro is generally ok until you get to the cash and realize that there are only two people working, and whatever line up you are in is held up by an old lady paying in change, or the ethnic guy trying to buy one of something that is supposed to be in a package of many...
Ok, I stopped in with 2 friends last night.  I went up to the bar and ordered a pitcher of Shock Top beer.  I didn't get the bartender's name - she was thin and looked to be in late 40s or early 50s.  She wasn't real friendly but that wasn't a big deal.  I handed her a 20 and figured the pitcher of beer would be about $9-12.  This is a small bar in a strip mall in mesa, what most would consider a dive bar.  Anyway, she give me back $4.5 in change.  I tipped an additional $2 and did not get a thank you....so my pitcher of beer cost $15.5 in a dive bar in Mesa.  I finally went back up to the bar and asked if the price was correct.  She said that, yes, it is a premium pitcher and cost $15.50.  Needless to say, this is outrageous pricing and we will not be returning.
Here's my Mapleside Rating Equation...

+5 Stars = I've been coming here since I was a little girl. Mostly with my grandma so this place has a lot of nostaglia going on for me. The grounds are gorgeous, there's something just breathtaking about this piece of land.

-2 Stars = I'm not sure if Mapleside is under new ownership but in my opinion they've waaaaaaaaay over commercialized this place! I know, I know they need to make money and having droves of kids and their families come in everyday of the week is the way to get it - but it just made it, well, less magical for me.

-3 Stars = I know Mother Nature is to blame for our recent bouts of rain - but OMG, can we say MUD PIT?! The weekend I visited my shoes were ruined (my bad for not thinking ahead and wearing rain boots), but everywhere you stepped it was squish, squash - so nasty.

-1 Star = The hayride was pulled by a tractor... last year they had beautiful horses pulling the rides. While I'm a fan of those horsies getting some rest, it took away from the legit country-esque feeling for me.

+1 Star = The corn maze, while I did not partake - was sweet! You could see it from atop the hill and it looked HUGE! Plus, they had an awesome looking Jump Park (kids only, sorry adults!) that was filled with screaming (with joy, of course) kids.

+1 Star = For *effort* in attempting to create a "Super Slide" down the hill as an alternative route to Pumpkin Village. But, it was a major fail. Even with a generous amount of baby oil and what looked like tire shine slopped on - adults and kids alike were having a hard time making it all the way down.

-2 Stars = Where did the seasonal nicknack shop go?! Last year we were able to purchase the cutest Halloween decoations that looked very artsy and now this year all I could find were wood puzzles and blankies?! Very sad.

+2 Stars = Thank God, the cider was still available and so were the delicious and large! caramel apples. Mmmmm...

+1 Star = Huge pumpkin selection and you could hit up the patch with your kids or pick one out in the shop.

+2 Stars = They were selling Campbell's Sweets Factory Fruity Popcorn - yummie! Definitely picked up some of that.

I am a fan, Mapleside, but you had me wishing we could rewind about ten years.
After paying and while waiting for my smoothie I observed some behavior that had I seen prior to ordering I would have left.  One of the girls making smoothie was told by the cashier that the past smoothie she made was wrong; her response "I don't even care, the chick is already gone."  Then a moment later she started making disgusted faces and acting like there was something rotten in the blender area.  Needless to say this will be my last visit to this location.    I don't frequent here often but the staff looks completely turned over from the last few times I was here.  There were customers returning fruit salads that were smashed.  They have at least 8 people standing around and only one making smoothies.  The cashier was nice and friendly though.
I love love love my new 2016 Nissan Rogue SV!  I knew I wanted a SUV but I wasn't sure which make I wanted.  Justin Taylor helped me out so much by looking at different makes of SUVs.  He was searching for the best deal for me and found it.  I'm so happy with choosing Cochran!
I came here with a friend on a Friday for dinner. She told me to be there at 5 pm sharp or we would have to wait. I ended up showing up at 5:02 pm and she gave me shit. We didn't have to wait, she was wrong. I win. We were seated at the bar, chit chatted. And bam, a few minutes later, the place was packed.

Still, we placed our order just as the place filled up, and our food came quickly. We ordered the shrimp chips to start, the red curry with beef, and the three flavors pad thai with chicken both at medium spicy level. 

We also got a sweet white goupy thing with tapioca balls at the end that was too sweet for me. I wouldn't recommend that. Unless you're into that sorta thing. But man, everything else was the bomb. Them little shrimp chips were crack-like in addiction. There was a generous portion but I felt like I could have devoured two more plates of it. Danger bay! The red curry was some of the finest curry I've eaten, and I eat a non tiny amount of curry fairly frequently. The spices were nicely balanced  and to my surprise the kobocha squash really made the dish. And my gawd that three flavors pad thai. I could nom nom nom that sheisse every day. It was better than any pad thai I've ever had including the pad thai in Thailand. Disclaimer: I am not a pad thai connoisseur, so if you don't agree I am still cooler than you.
This is a tiny hole in the wall diner, with limited indoor seating (they do have a covered patio, and outdoor tables). So, expect a crowd. There is an extensive breakfast\/lunch menu on a large chalkboard, and you place your order at the register. We both ordered the grilled pimento cheese sandwich, which comes with fries. Sandwich was delicious... fries were decent, but a little undercooked for my liking. Inside is 50's style decor, and the staff is very friendly. I think I paid $5 and change for my meal - pretty inexpensive. I will definitely be back! I've heard that thus place was featured on the Food Network \/DDD.
Easily my favourite restaurant in Toronto!!! I was there on their first night of opening in 2014 and although I have a personal connection with one of the owners, the food has never disappointed. You must try the Kung Pao Cauliflower as it is their signature dish and basically irresistible. Have been there probably 10+ times and have never been disappointed. Everything on the menu is soooo good.
It's a Saturday night and there are maybe 10 people here. The bar tender is unaware that we are standing at the end of the bar. Maybe hire humans that are aware of their surroundings.
We love Erin. SHE'S THE BEST!  go to this place and ask for Erin or Jess.  Jess is awesome too.  I like the way she twirks!  More twirking  please.  And can you make the hash browns crispier??? Thanks
Nothing short of Amazing! Service was excellent and meatballs, salads, octopus, and wine were top notch. Fish was a little over cooked though. Chocolate dessert will satisfy any chocoholic! We will be back! Alex has and always will be first rate!!
Ordered the breakfast trio. The poached egg in the egg Benedict was not runny, the "sour cream" on the hash browns didn't taste like anything, and everything was cold. The only good thing was the sour dough. Then on top of it all, I told the manager about how unsatisfied I was and all he said was ok good I can go home now.
Holy Mary, mother of JC. Ok not really but Cafe Bleu is fantastic. It is the cafe staffed by students of Le Cordon Bleu culinary school. Students are waiters and chefs and really do a good job at both. I came for an event so the service may have been better because of that but they seemed to good for that. I had salad, pasta, bread and dessert. Bread was fresh and hot and delicious. Salad was also fresh had homemade dressing and fresh crutons. Pasta was okay. Good sauce but nothing to write home about. Dessert was a cream flan with berry sauce. Oh my word. Each bite heavenly. The menu and hours are limited but worth it for way less than the price you would pay at any place these students will be working in the near future. The menu apparently also changes with frequency. A great working lunch spot for sure.
I used to LOVE this place. They were small, intimate and amazingly friendly. However - this last time, the service just wasn't that amazing and the prices seem to have gone up. It took us more than 30 minutes to be seated, yet the bartender scolded me for getting the drink special even though we were being seated for dinner.... really?
IF IT'S OPTIONAL for you to use another company, do so.  All the one-star reviews here are saying the same thing and I can affirm the same poor experience.  This company is just TOO BUSY for their own good.

Nutshell:  Frigidaire refrigerator (also avoid!) under warranty.  2nd time we've had service to it in 7 months of owning brand new.  Warranty told us we had to talk to Appliance Express for appointment and that they would call us.  FORGET THAT!  They won't call.  They're swamped.  It took us 11 calls over 3 days to just get the promise of a call-back for a service appointment.  9 times line busy. Once put immediately on hold and forgotten.  Once got through with return call promise.  Then finally reached scheduler who simply took info and assured the tech will call first thing in the morning for appointment.
If you read my other reviews, you'll see that I have no problem calling out car dealerships on their B.S. I'm the type of customer that typically gets a new car every 2 years or so, and as such, I've encountered a lot of horrible dealers. I have to say though, my experience at Peoria Subaru was actually a very positive one. I was looking for a specific vehicle and after I was essentially bait-and-switched at another Subaru dealership, I was told they could "trade" with another dealership that had the exact car I wanted...but after wasting several hours of my time, I didn't feel confident that they would come through or offer the best deal, so the next day I went to directly to the dealership that had "THE" car, which happened to be Peoria Subaru. Their communication with me via email was exactly what it should have been, brief but to the point, and I was able to take advantage of an offer for a free $25 gift card as well. When I got there, I met with Luigi (I can't recall 100%, but I believe that was his name) and we took a quick test drive. I explained what happened at the other dealership, and that this was an easy sale for him as long as we could get the numbers right. Long story short, there was a bit of the typical "back and forth" (although that is to be expected), and ultimately he got me where I needed to be, with a price that was lower than any of the other dealers in the general Phoenix area. Next up was the finance department, initially I was set on paying cash, but their finance guy worked out a deal that promised me an extra $1k on the back end after making 5 payments. After factoring in interest, it would essentially net me about $800 in additional savings, so despite my skepticism I opted to move forward with the finance. That was back in June, and I wanted to hold off on any reviews to see how this all panned out. Last week I received the check as promised! It's a bummer to see that others haven't had the luck I did here, but at the end of the day, these guys held up to their end of the deal on every aspect, so I'm happy to give them a solid 4 stars because, well, it's still a dealership and it's not perfect...but that said, I was very pleased with my experience overall. Congrats, Peoria Subaru, I think you're the only dealership I've ever given more than 2 stars which says a lot in my book!
Like many other reviewers, I purchased the Groupon for the margaritas.  I read the reviews before visiting the Venetian location so I was not surprised at all that the drinks didn't taste as if they had any alcohol in them.  We paid $5 for an extra shot and then they actually tasted like a margarita.  The price was still fair with the extra $5, however, I do feel there is some level of dishonesty here as you really don't get what you are expecting.  In addition, the staff seemed as if they had better things to do than to wait on us.  I wouldn't say there unpleasant - more disinterested and not engaged.
Das gefüllte Putenschnitzel sowie die Pommes Frites waren sehr lecker. Durch die überdachte Terrasse kann man schön in der frischen Luft sitzen. Ambiente und Speisekarte etwas gehoben, Preise aber nicht abgehoben.
I'm giving my rating on service and some of the food. We went with a group of people for a birthday party and right off the bat it started off terribly. We got to the restaurant about 10 minutes early and were told we were way to early for our reservation and was asked to clean me back when it was our time. So we ended up waiting in the restaurant at the barstool area. So when it came time to sit down we were stopped as they didn't put chairs at the table and waited for them to put them out. When we actually got to sit down we had our drink order taken. That seemed to go smoothly, but as soon as it came for the first round of appetizers there was no room to set them down so they took them away. 20-30 minutes went by before they brought them back out and they were the same ones and they were cold. The salad was really good no complaints there. Then the entrees came and we are but they missed an item or so. When he told his manager about the issue the manager was a utter and complete weasel. Did not try to fix it just come out and go around the problem. For my first time here. I will not be back.
Fast, efficient and cheap!!  I needed a quick rabies shot and they were definitely the right place for the job.  I was in and out of here in 15 minutes and that included filling in new patient paperwork, a rabies vaccine, nail clipping and checkout.  I was super impressed and I will definitely return here for any doggy vet needs.  The front staff was great as was the vet, Dr. Allyson Gammill!
Great beer selection (about 25 brews on tap) and delicious food (just you're bar standards -- wings, burgers and sandwiches). The atmosphere is friendly and casual. The prices reasonable. The only problem with this bar is it's popularity. The place is always so crowded that it's nearly impossible to get a booth  -- or even a seat at the bar.
Another Ossington favorite.  This is a great place to have a few drinks with friends.  The Crocked Star just opened when I moved to the area but it now seems like a classic since there are so many new places on Ossington.  The music here is always interesting, you never know what you might end up listening too.  A solid place to hang out.
Just left worried that I had lost my phone. Both people on staff let me use their phone to download the Fins My iPhone app and it turned out it was at my house the whole time. Can't say enough about the good service though.
Wasn't the worst place I've been too but it still has it's negative points.  Took a little bit for someone to recognize we were even there and than the waitress was slow.  The waitress than left and went home with out letting us know so that just seems weird to me.  35$ for two meals and two beers seems pretty steep.  Oh and the bathroom were mote than unpleasant with the graffiti and the paint falling apart.

The food was pretty good but not for the price I paid. All in all I'll just say cleanliness goes a long way.
We absolutely loved out brunch experience at Virtu yesterday! We had been here once for dinner and decided to try it for brunch. If you are a fan of quaint restaurants and inventive cuisine, then this is the place to try! Their patio is great if the weather is nice too. Their lemon ricotta pancakes were the best pancakes that I have EVER had! We will be back!!
Went here on 12\/18\/11 with my sister because I had a $25 gc that I had won through school to this place. We got two obscenely large yogurts and a whole bunch of lip glosses because this place is almost 20 miles from my house, so I wasn't going to drive this far out for another yogurt on my GC. Our two yogurts were so big, they cost over $12!

They have a TON of toppings, including lots of yummy boba flavors. They have insane amounts of chocolate goodies.

The staff is friendly and the place is bright and clean. I think this place is way better than U-Swirl.
Outstanding steaks...but not for the budget minded!  Can you believe, a 6 oz filet for $95!?
Well worth it, but I wasn't buying.  Great venue but music from upstairs bar way too loud.  Great service!  Definitely should be on your bucket list if somebody else is picking up the tab!
I had a cappuccino n it tasted real good. Staff r friendly too. You will all kinds of people here, some study, some work, some r taking a break from shopping and some just there passing time. No drip coffee post noon. Overall a nice place to hav coffee n get some work done along.
I joined Fill-A-Seat about six months ago.  My schedule hasn't allowed me to attend many events, but the events I have attended have been great seats.  The two tickets for the first event I attended were worth more than the cost of membership - well worth joining.
Great place to stay only about 15 min to the airport.  It seems new.  I travel every other week and I am very picky about where i stay.  I would have no problem staying here again and I plan too.
This is the perfect place to take an army of kids or just a few. Came here with my 3 kids and my  sister and her 6 kids. They are all from the ages of 17 to 5. Our husbands also participated with the all the kids. They all enjoyed themselves and the place was packed!! 

Basically, you pay for the hour and and get a certain color wrist band. When your time is over they blow the whistle.They have an upstairs area to sit and watch all the action. They have an area for younger toddlers and all kinds of areas. There is dog ball, basketball areas, a zip line type of thing and trampolines everywhere. Great place for kids and parents to get some energy out, excersice, and just let loose.
Whiskey lover's dream! Lots of options, at various price points. 

The food was pretty good. But let me tell you... the brussels sprouts will change your life. It's frekain' amazing. Doesn't matter if you are a carnivore, or hate brussels sprouts...you will love these. Just a note... just because it's vegetable, I promise you it's not at all healthy. ;)

Sprouts aside - a great spot to catch a drink with friends or even spend a Saturday night! The bartenders and servers are knowledgeable and very accommodating. The pre-set whiskey flights are great if you are new to Whiskey, or an enthusiast looking for variety.
You'll notice from my other reviews that I am generally very optimistic, and friendly to restaurantuers, and their hard work to make a restaurant sucessful. Suffice to say, Mr. WYNN will survive and I love his hotels.  The food was extremely baseless in true Italian taste. It's too bad. The ambiance is fantastic, with actual Sinatra memorabilia, up to par with the high cost, but the Veal Parmesan tasted like it was from late night diner, smothered in a bland tomato sauce. Our party of 7 received their meals all at different times, and way past an acceptable timeframe.
 The risotto was drowned in butter and cream, a cheap and easy way to make anything taste better. I could go on, every aspect, with the exception of a wonderful Somelier, was extremely substandard. When the over $1K bill came, (that's only 2 bottles of wine) and our dis-satisfaction was communicated with the manager, he offered to remove the automatic 18% tip. We were a party of 7, not 8, so this was an additional mistake. I simply said, "How about a Scotch at the bar, on ol blue eyes"
The manager obliged,  and proceeded to tell the bartender to poor neat, the cheapest whisky they had.
One last chance for redemption, I honestly hate bad reviews, and bam! He did all he could to make this dinner a negative one. (I know it wasn't personal)
AMAZING. I have been to all of Zack Bruell's restaurants and this is my favorite! 

Had dinner with a friend here and it was unbelievable. We started the evening with their fresh baked bread, which was delicious, and their dipping oil and pink salt. The bread was fresh and fantastic.

I started with their romaine salad, which was out of this world. Completely amazing. The dressing was fantastic. The presentation was lovely as well.

I had the salmon with rice, sauteed spinach and miso sauce as my entree. It was unbelievable. The flavors were spectacular and the serving was about twice what I expected for the very reasonable $19.

My friend had the vegan stuffed peppers and she loved it. She said the sauce was amazing.

To say the least, we were both thrilled with our meals, especially for the money. 

The environment was lovely, and we found free parking about 2 blocks or so away, which was nice and saved us the $8 valet charge (which seems rather high). 

So while the service was honestly mediocre (we had a female server who seemed to despise her job and couldn't answer any of our questions) the food made that almost irrelevant.

The convenient location next to Playhouse is great as well.
WORST MASSAGE EVER!!!...we had a party of 4.. they split us up in separate rooms told us to undress and had us waiting at least 20 minutes...they didn't tell us there was a wait and no one came in and said anything to us..When we asked what was taking so long ,they said one of the masseurs was in traffic...Then all the sudden two guys came in and one of them was the one who worked the front desk and was like you ready? ...so the guy who worked the front desk started doing my massage and he went super fast and it was really hard and I asked him if he could slow down and I told him that it was too hard and that it was hurting but he didn't change! I couldn't get comfortable I couldn't go to sleep...at first i was like...ok maybe that's how they do massages until I looked over at my sister and hers was nice and slow and deep... two men did our massages I would've preferred females...my masseur gave my butt a lot more attention than everywhere else......Soooo after the massage was over and it was time to check out the $30 full body special for one hour that they advertised turned into $50.
Not very impressed. This is the second time going to Pinky's and both times I left less than satisfied. They charged me to remove the leftover bits of gel\/ shelack nail polish I had on (about 4-5 fingers) at a price of 15$ so I mentioned something and they still
charged me 7.50$. Let me make a point to say the nails that had polish on them were already mostly off\/ chipped. The girl was friendly and did a fine job but I left the appointments less than an hour ago and the nail polish they put on is already chipping! 

Two days later I have two broken nails. I've done nothing out of the ordinary and the harshest thing I've probably done on my nails was typing on a keyboard. Let's just say all and all I won't be going back.
Waited while a few shuttles passed by until this loud bus pulls up. Everyone clammers in out of the cold and takes this long tour around every casino in Vegas. My hotel was a mile away! It took me an hour! He could have started from the closest to the farthest... I  only booked because it was convenient through Allegiance Airlines. Never again.  I will loose out in the return money and Uber back. I  only give 2 stars because the driver was nice. BTW, I'm still on this friggn bus!

I'm adding this 5m later... after he tells me I am next,  he goes and takes the last couple on the bus and drops them off instead. Leaving me ALL BY MYSELF on this bus with him!!! WTF is happening? If this is my last review,  you guys know why....
This place has the best wings in town! I recommend the grilled chicken sub and my boyfriend loves the cheese steak sub. I'm not a fan of their pizza or pasta dishes, however overall the food is yummy. They're open late & they deliver. A great addition to a small town.
We showed up Sunday afternoon with a group of 17. I was impressed at how quickly they arranged several tables to seat us in just a couple of minutes. Our server Sammie (hope that is spelled right) with the help of 2 other servers had us seated very quickly. Drink service was fast and not one wrong thing out of an order that large. I had a club salad and it was excellent. Our entire group was pleased with their food. I would go back when I am in the Glendale area.
My girlfriend and I were a huge fan of Aka Teppan (previous name). We decided to try out this new place however we were very disappointed. Quality has gone down and just doesn't taste the same as before.
The best atmosphere of coffee shops in the valley. The coffee is not as strong as other shop like Cartel and the Henry but very good qualitythis place stands out from other coffee shops for its cleanliness and aesthetic\/comfortable interiors and cute location. Very expansive menu- I can't wait to go back ant try other drinks and food on the menu!
We love Nandini, we have been fans of this restaurant since discovering it about a year or so ago.
They serve generous portions at reasonable prices. 
Management is very friendly, and we would recommend Nandini to anyone asking about a good restaurant, Indian or not.
If you are even thinking about flying Spirit Airlines...think again please. 

My experience:
- Flight delayed 4 hours with little to no communication from staff.
- Bag check fees
- Fees to guarantee your seat (otherwise you may not make the flight if it is oversold) 
- Our flight was oversold & didn't bother to tell us until after our 4 hour delay.
- Flimsy-feeling plane at takeoff & landing
- They left us strapped in & waiting for 45 minutes to back out of the hanger.

With Spirit, you get much less than what you pay for. I am encouraging every person I can reach to choose another airline unless you don't have plans to actually enjoy your vacation.
By far my favorite sushi restaurant in Las Vegas!  Chuy and Jayson are the best sushi chefs.  They know what I want before I even order!
My first time checking out Pattys closet and I was impressed. 
I love their concept of having only 4 or 5 sizes of each clothing and are not repetitive in style.  You find things that are unique and very much affordable.

The girl who greeted me was very sweet out going and engaging in conversation also very helpful. 

Upon my next return to this cute boutique the same girl who greeted me the first time remembered me, and that felt great to know I wasn't just another face in the crowd.
Another house and once again evicted a tenant who left the carpet in a bad shape.  I immediately called Gustavo because I have had really good experience in the past. The guys did not disappointed.  They were punctual,  gave me a fair estimate,  and did a remarkable job.  These guys are for real.  I own and rent out several properties and this is my third time using this company in the last couple of months. I have no problem recommending them and will use them again in the future.
I gave them a good review several months back because of a great experience I had, but it's unfortunate that I have to give them a one star. I honestly thought I found a good Chevy dealership, but I can see this place is just as bad as Gateway. Had my car serviced couple weeks back, about 2 weeks ago, had tired rotated, oil changed couple of other things as well had no problem. Now I noticed there is breaker fluid running out. Saw it in my garage and freaked out. Called them and got a girl with a horrible attitude and was no help. I realize service is closed but when situations like this occur you tell the customer tough luck? What kind of service is that?? Spoke to a sales manager who pretty much just said tough luck and as I was explaining to him all the things I had services on my vehicle last time I was there I either got disconnected or he hung up on me. Left a message with finance hoping maybe that lady will be able to help me. Just can't believe that in situations like they're not able to help a customer. Drove 40 min to you guys before and always complimented you guys and this is how you treat me? You lost a very good customer. Get a receptionist with a better attitude next time maybe it won't piss the customer off to have a bad attitude right back at someone who didn't deserve it.
I've been to XS and Tryst, but Surrender is by far my favorite out of all three clubs in the Wynn properties. The vibe that I got from this place is that while it is elegant, it is also very chill. The crowd includes mostly young people in their early 20s possibly coming from LA. There is a huge pool outside where you can walk around. Modern lounges and sofas are available for people to sit on without having to order expensive bottle service. 

Pros:
- Interesting, novel music: it is unlike the ones you hear at a typical nightclub. I would say it's a combination of pop remixes and those new songs that you hear on a radio for the very first time that leaves you wondering "This song is really cool. I wonder who sang it?"
- Dancers: they are obscenely talented! I say obscenely because the things that they do with a pole would make a Cirque du Soleil performer blush and a veteran stripper speechless. It doesn't get any better than this. 
- Large outdoor pool - so much more awesome in the summer

Cons:
- Admission fee: Wynn has this annoying policy of charging local LV ladies, and this is primarily why I give it four stars. However, we did get in for free because my friend had a hook up. 
- Diluted drinks: At nearly 20 bucks a pop, I felt that my Blueberry vodka tonic was watered down. With that said, it might be worthwhile to pre-game in the hotel instead of spending too much money on drinks at this club.

Overall, Surrender is one of the hottest clubs in Vegas right now. It is a trendy club but without the overbearing pretentiousness of its two sisters, XS and Tryst.
I was a little disappointed with the quality of the food.The portion sizes are gigantic,but it was pretty much comparable to Dennys.We had to wait 40 mins for a table,and place a drink order with someone else other than our waiter which was stupid.The atmosphere was neat,and it would be a good place to grab a drink if you are near that part of the strip.Definatly quantity over quality in this place,and not somewhere I would go out of my way for again.
Be afraid.  Be very afraid.  Run away!  This place is sneaky with your money.  Seems like they are constantly looking for ways to take your money.   How about forcing your child to re-register 2 or 3 times per year.  Why?  So they can charge you $30 pop each time you re-register.  If you don't pay it then they tell you they cannot guarantee your child's time slot!  They demand payment in June for August.  When August rolls around they charge you for September after only 2 lessons.   They change the payment terms also.  Instead of paying on the 1st for the next 30 days.. they charge you on the 1st for the next 45 days. essentially keeping 6 weeks of your money at all times!   Question them on the phone and they won't let you get a word in.   Just as the other reviewer said, their customer service is atrocious and seems offended when you question their policies.  The administrative staff all have ego's and act like their school has more to offer.  This place is good at losing customers.   Stay away.  There is much better here in Charlotte.
It's all about who helps you.  Walked in looking for a liver detox supplement. Milk thistle recommended. Woman (resident expert) grabs an arm load of stuff for me to take. When I explain I had been hospitalized for 8 days a few weeks ago she makes an on the spot diagnosis and calls my MD's DUMB.  Argumentative, informs me she has a masters in Rapid Eye Movement and is therefore far more qualified than a board certified physician.  Anyway- to make a long story short. I am not following the strip mall advice of an obnoxious Hi-Health employee.  Rich who works there is fine- the woman needs to go before she drives off all the customers.
When you crave some goooood juicy red meat burgers, go to Fudd's!  I always enjoyed this chain when traveling to Arz, Cali & Colorado.  Now we have it in Vegas.  

Cooked to your standards and the toppings at the self-serve bar are the freshest.  Save room for cookies because they are fantastic also!
Awesome pizza and even better service! Tony and the crew were very friendly and welcoming. Would definitely recommend trying the white pizza as it is probably the best I've ever had. 5\/5!
I went here today with my sisters... upon entering we were greeted and seated, both the hostess and server were very nice... the server got us all situated, took our drink orders and left us all alone to look over the menu. When she returned with water in to-go cups, she took our orders (by memory, didn't right anything down). Our food came out shortly after and sure enough somethings were not right. My eggs were more over-medium then they were over-hard, which is what I asked for... I didn't get the side of avocado I asked for and our drinks never came, NEVER CAME... the food isn't all that great but i guess its tolerable if your hungry... do yourself a favor, stay home and have breakfast.
I see a couple of bad reviews on here and I feel like you women just want to complain about something this place is awesome place granite there's been a couple of times that I've come to the shop and they've been busy and yes there's been a couple of times that things aren't as clean as they should be that this is normal when you're running a shop with a bunch of people coming in and out of your shop I will say that when I come in the morning I see them cleaning in the morning when I come at night I see them cleaning before I leave at night I am always satisfied with my nails there's no other place in Phoenix Arizona they does my nails efficiency and time Didi and her husband have worked very hard and I feel like anyone that doesn't recognize that and has to say some Hating ass Shit I a happy happy customer
Service was excellent. Our tea and water was refilled all the time,never had to waive at the servers to get their attention. And the only Chinese restaurant Ived ever been too that servers smiled and was very nice lol.
We go to Hokkaido a LOT and love the place. We used to go to Musashi but it's too far and ALWAYS crowded.  Hokkaido is right down the street and the food is fantastic! I love their fried rice, ask for the shrimp sauce on it, soooo delicious!
Went once after they changed from Cheng's and it was not good! Even though it's close to the house we will be going to China One from now on...
Tony is a great trainer. The workout is very intense and he changes it up everyday. There are 3 classes a day, 2 morning classes at 6:00 am and the second at 9am which are indoors at one location and the evening class at 6pm at the park. The only downfall is the price is $199\/month unless you check the deals from groupon or living social. Also occasionally he has drawings at various restaurant locations in North Las Vegas for a free week. If the price was right for you it is so worth it, plus it is only a 55 min workout ;) Go get active.
Was a little disappointed that everything was taken out of the freezer and reheated and both empanadas were still cold in the middle. The taste was great, just wished it didn't seem as cheap as it actually was. Given the price and taste I would probably go back to give it another try.
I've been getting my nails done at the same place for about 12 years, every once in a while I like to see a hey else is out there.  I tried this salon today, the women in there were extremely friendly. But overall I am not pleased with my experience. My appointment was at 630p and I wasn't seen until 6:50p. Not a good start.  I immediately noticed there was no sanitation for the equiptment they used from person to person. I got the pink & white solar powder, not only are some of my nails unevenly shaped, but the lines from the pink to white are not straight, and the amount of white on each nail is not consistent.  I hate to give a bad review but at the end of the day, I want to know people's real experiences places when I'm doing research.
Loved this place! Everyone is super friendly, you get a decent amount of cash for your old clothes.
First pub we went to in Toronto! 

We were there on Trivia Night, which for a nerd like me, is awesome to stumble upon. (Side note: Trivia Nights are on Tuesdays and Thursdays)

Like what the reviewers have been saying, they've got a great selection of beer. Some on tap, some aren't. Depending on your mood of the day, you can get an IPA, ale, anything you want really. I was really missing the readily available St. Ambroise abricot beer from Montreal, so I just ordered that. But my friend ordered the Hawaiian beer, and he really enjoyed it.

The atmosphere there was really friendly, our server was funny, it's a really nice break after a long day\/week of work.

I highly recommend this place.
This review is just for their bar: Nice spot to stop by for a drink and people watch as it's inside Wynn.  We stopped by on our way to XS so we could meander over there after a few drinks.  The bar tenders are really attentive and will make drink recc,  mix up your drinks and even keep you entertained if you're sitting at the bar! 

HOwever, if you're like me and youre not a fan of that dangly leg feeling, plenty of cushy couches to sit on too :)
Came here about a month ago while on vacation. My new AZ friend and her husband are regulars and she wanted me to see the view of the Sanctuary. Well let me tell it's spectacular! We walked around taking pics then we ate here. I'm pretty sure it was happy hour. My friend ordered the lobster mac n cheese and I ordered the mussels. 
The lobster mac n cheese is not your typical mac n cheese. It's made with cavatelli and fontina cheese but it was superb!
So I am very critical about mussels but I have to admit they were pleasant to my taste buds as music is to ones ears! 
I would not only come back to the restaurant but would love to stay here. I've never felt so peaceful.
The food was decent, presentation was nice. Beer on Tap was good Sapporo for $5 a pint. My wife and i did the $40 special. 2 starter's app....2 mains... 2 deserts. 

We were not disappointed, the atmosphere is really nice as well.
I stayed here with my girlfriend because her daughter got room for her birthday.  This hotel is pretty old and need renovation in a few months. it was a clean room and the beds were comfortable.  They do not offer shuttle to and from hotel.
Cool little place right next to UNLV. Pretty cheap as far as shaved ice goes and the employees are very nice and attentive. Lots of flavors to choose from, and some different toppings too. We paid six bucks for two people. Very clean and everything is stocked constantly.
The N9NE group has done it again, with another fantastic venue in the Palms.  Like any venue in any big nightlife city, it always helps to know people who can assist with group access as Rain has become supremely popular on Friday & Saturday nights.  Its not difficult to figure out why its such a good time here as they have great music on selected floors, spacious interior, and plenty of eye candy from the crowd.  Areas of the club are well partitioned where people can dance freely without bumping into others and the SKYBoxes are positioned at a good spot for people watching.

Combine this with a stay at Palms or a drink\/mingling session in the above Ghost Bar, the night is surely to be a good one.  Drinks like any other venue are outrageously priced, but most folks who come here are typically here to dance.  Come on Thursday nights to avoid the excessive crowds.
I always stay at this hotel every time I come to Vegas. I love how the employees are so friendly and room service is so fast and quick whenever we need something. The suites are so big, roomy and clean. I like how there's a kitchen and a dining table so we can bring food and also cook! They might want to work on the gym a little bit more. They need more machines and equipments! Other than that, I highly recommend elara. It's in the middle of the strip and downstairs is the miracle mile shops. Rooms are decent prices and affordable
As a music fan, I've often wondered why?  Why is it that some older acts continue to play the same old songs year after year, touring the beer\/rib festivals, and generally sounding worse and worse playing rote versions of their most obvious hits?  Hootie & the Blowfish and Gin Blossoms were already on this circuit only a few years after their biggest hits.  I think I saw an ad once for Foghat appearing at a local car dealership.  The Beach Boys?  We won't even discuss them.  

Whereas other veteran artists continue to pay attention to their craft and continue to write and record solid music even if it doesn't sell as well as it used to.  They still sell the larger venues and still put an effort into their shows.  I'm talking acts like John Mellencamp, Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers, Robert Plant, Carlos Santana, John HIatt, Bonnie Raitt, and a few others.  They also seem adept at attracting younger fans.  

Neil Young clearly falls into the latter category.  

And that's who my brother Paul, my dad & I saw this past week at the Pete.  Neil Young is clearly an intergenerational artist.  The dad loved his music the first time around and the bro and I got into him back in the 1990s when he started appearing with Pearl Jam, Nirvana, & others.  Neil Young is also multifaceted.  You're either going to get Acoustic Neil (a la the movie "Neil Young:  Heart of Gold") or you're going to get the hard rock, distortion, fuzz tone Neil, especially when he plays with Crazy Horse.  And that's what we got!  

Curiously, the set began with Neil's roadies setting things up, dressed either as construction workers or lab technicians\/scientists.  One of 'em,  apparently the leader (wearing an Albert Einstein wig), was giving directions as faux amps were lifted out of their faux crates.  Then they applauded themselves as a huge novelty vintage mic was set up center stage.  It was really bizarre,  especially when you consider that Neil Young is not known for his sense of whimsy.  They also played a prerecorded version of the "Star Spangled Banner", but since Neil's Canadian, shouldn't they have first played "O Canada" like at the ballgame?

The band then went into thundering versions of some of their best known material like "Love and Only Love" and "Powderfinger".  He then went into a new song (don't roll your eyes), "Walk Like a Giant" which addresses some of his generations successes and failures.  "Walk Like a Giant" ranks up there with the best he's ever done.  And those of us who like Acoustic Neil were treated to a haunting version of "The Needle and the Damage Done" and "Twisted Road", an homage to Bob Dylan and Roy Orbison.

Oddly enough, Neil Young & Crazy Horse did not perform any material of their 2012 album, "Americana".  But we did get "Cinnamon Girl", "Hey Hey, My My", and "Like a Hurricane", which was the encore.  

The song "Hey Hey, My My" tells us "It's better to burn out\/than it is to rust".  Ironically, sitting there I could not believe I was watching a 67 year old man on stage.
Rich Edis made my car buying experience wonderful.  He was very knowledgeable and answered all of my questions.  There was no pressure and I walked away with exactly what I wanted at a great price.  Thank you Rich!!
OY CARAMBA!

The last time I ate at one of these Caramba's someone there highly recommended getting the Salpicon Salad saying that it was delicious and tasty and he thought it was the best dish they make. It's listed as a salad so I was expecting a salad.

I did ask them to leave off the cheese and sour cream to lighten it up a little for me. But all this salad appeared to be a fried flour tortilla smeared with beans topped with a small amount of lettuce with a very small amount of fresh made plastic tub like chunks of chicken and topped with a big glob of guacamole. To me it looked like a tostada. It was a $6.25 tostada. I read on a sign that the chicken and a bunch of other stuff is made fresh every day and is never from frozen. I also didn't eat the fried tortilla the food seemed fresh but it was a small amount of food.

 TWO STARS for the Chicken Salpicon Salad 

I also had a Margarita and it was so strong I thought I tasted AntiFreeze in it and I also thought it might make me grow hair on my chest.

My husband liked the Carnitas Plate. He said it was nicely seasoned and the meat was moist. It came with rice and beans and a giant flour tortilla that could hold a small body.

I'll leave them at three stars because my husband liked the carnitas here.

We were going to have a donut next door at Lamar's but it was after 12 and they were almost out so you might want to check out Lamar's before lunch.

All the Caramba locations are open everyday for lunch or dinner.
I first heard of Parts & Labour when I picked up a Now magazine last month; on the cover was a picture of the Social's Richard Lambert (http:\/\/www.yelp.ca\/biz\/the-social-toronto) and OddFellow's Jesse Girard (http:\/\/www.yelp.ca\/biz\/oddfellows-toronto). This bar\/restaurant\/Live venue hybrid had just opened in May and I was surprised to see that it had no revue...

I was curious to see how an old hardware store would be converted in the holy trinity of social gatherings (music, food, drinks), so I rounded up a little group of friends and headed over to Parts & Labour on a Wednesday night around midnight. Maybe it was because the next day was a holiday or maybe this place has managed to find a niche in Parkdale, either way this place was packed!

There was no cover and we sat by the bar and I were immediately greeted by a super sweet "Tall Paul Bunyan" type bartender. Things didn't start off so hot when he told me they didn't carry Malibu Rum... he did apologize a few times and offered alternatives.

As I waited for my friends to drizzle in, I got a chance to look around. There are long communal table against one wall for dinning, a small cafeteria area in the back and semi-truck suspension springs as seats at the bar. The music was definitely cranked at 13 and made it challenging to have a conversation. They played whole albums ranging from Nirvana to The Sonics.

Although the kitchen was closed, I took a look at the menu and I am not going to lie, it looked both frightening and intriguing. Lamb heart tartar, fried pig face, horse tongue sandwich, ect...

Will I go back? Probably and I definitely want to give the food a try or check out a concert in "The Shop" downstairs.
Bon acceuil , bon service , et pour ce qui est des plats des petits déjeuners , cela était bien , bonne crème anglaise .
This is the second time my uncle and aunt came here before and I wanted to tag along.  We purchased and indulged in the 90-minute massages for $48.  In California, this is an GREAT deal!  

Walking in, this place is AMAZING!  You step inside and immediately experience a sense of peace and tranquil from the nicely dimmed lights, the soothing music, and the quiet rooms.  Your private room looks small, but the end results after my massage was INCREDIBLE.  I came with a party of 3, and they accommodated us in the same room.

Besides from the deal, the masseuses were WONDERFUL!  They are very friendly, are detailed and thorough, and from what I can tell with my masseuse, knows his own strength, and applies his pressure well.  My uncle and my aunt felt they same way, and they had female masseuses. 

I will definitely come back again, this time with my hubby.  This place is definitely a DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH!
I went here for the Happy Hour because I was under the impression that there was lots of good eats. They really only had a few options on their happy hour menu. Most were vegetarian except for the fried clams. They were just OK. It simply tasted like breading. It did come with fried kalamata olives also, which was new to me and added a nice salty touch. The dipping sauce was bland and didnt add much to the dish besides a peace of mind that you were getting sauce. I also had the mojito which was nice and flavorful (you can really taste the sugar and mint!).

Overall, based on this experience and their happy hour options, it was just OK and did not meet expectations. The reviews raved about their happy hour, but looking back at them, they were dated several years ago... I presume that their menu has changed since then.
I went here today to buy some gifts for the holidays and was blown away by the phenomenal service and kindness. Not only do they have an amazing vinegar and oil selection, but during check out I asked the gentleman waiting on me for his manager's name and number because I wanted to call and tell them how amazing this place was and how great of an experience I had. Turns out, the owner himself was helping me, but you would never have known it because he was so kind and down to earth! I bought 12 total bottles for 6 gifts (a duo of oil & vinegar for each) and he even shrink wrapped them for me. They have a customer in me forever! It really meant more that they value their customers no matter what age (I'm 27), because that's not always the case in Scottsdale. Bravo, Mike and Reggie. Thanks for you help and kindness today; You'll see me soon! :)
Always great place for breakfast or brunch. I would like to see the food cooked more on the hotter side, especially the hash browns.
After seeing that a few Yelpers had chosen this restaurant as one of their Winterlicious picks, I had to see for myself what the fuss was about.  Boy was I glad that I did!   This is definitely a first class experience from when you enter and the hostess is so warm and polite and takes your coat, to the servers who come by and explain the menu items if you are not familiar with them to the ambiance and then of course to the actual food.

Honestly I would definitely head back here to try out more items - definitely going to keep my eye out for it during Summerlicious.  

Located in Harbourfront this is such a great location - dine, then walk along street and enjoy the views.

Appetizers: 
We ordered the Miku Zen appetizers (selection of):
 - Aburi Albacore Tuna, 
 - Ebi Fritter  (beer battered white tiger prawn)
 - Beef Tenderloin Skewers with brussel sprouts and potatoes
 - Miso Marinated Tofu Salad

Sashimi Plate
 - chef selection of 6 pieces and kaisen poke

Absolutely delicious.  Everything was fresh, served on ice to keep to cold.  The beef tenderloins were melt in your mouth delicious - especially with the sauce they used - a sweet and sour soy\/wasabi mix.

Mains
 - Signature Aburi Sushi Plate (salmon oshi; saba oshi; coal harbor roll; queen quay roll; aburi nigri)
 - Maguro Chirashi (negitoro, tuna sashimi; veggies; sushi rice)

The sushi rice was to perfection, the sushi was beautifully presented and the flavours were both strong in presence yet delicate on the palate.

Desserts
 - Green Tea Opera (matcha and dark chocalte cake with adzuki bean cream and matcha ice cream)
- Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding (miso salted caramel sauce, Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream)
 
The Green Tea Opera apparently takes 3 days to make as per our server.  It was melt in your mouth delectable.  It had hints of a ferror rocher chocolate with matcha "crumbs" to give it a nice crunch.  I would have licked the plate clean if I were not surrounded by people.

The Bread Pudding was all things sweet from the ice cream, salty from the caramel and just what I imagine heaven tastes like.
WORST CAR BUYING EXPERIENCE EVER. Nothing but lied to through the whole process. People promise they will call u back and no call backs. With all the credit info in their hand for days the deal kept changing....we traded in our other car and they still hadn't paid it off weeks later. The old excuse of the check is in the mail to the finance company who is knocking down on my door for another payment on a car we don't have. We were told by the dealership don't worry you won't have to make another payment. Then today 07\/15 I spoke with Josh who claims to be a manager of some sort he tells me the check mailed on 07\/14. Wait the finance guy told me 4 days earlier it was mailed. So of course more lies. Josh tells me he will call me back in just a few min with more info.. Once again almost an hour no call back. I call back and ask for the general manager and I was told he is not in his office. When I asked to be placed in his voicemail I was told he hasn't set it up. What????!!!! Really......So I call there parent company and about a manager outside of the dealership and am  told I can not get phone number and that he is in Colorado in a sales meeting. I see why the salesmen lie because it seems to be from the top down in there culture. Nothing went right with this deal. Lies lies lies and more lies at all different levels. WORST CAR BUYING EXPERIENCE EVER.......so after this I guess the next stop will be a media outlet to help because it seems NO ONE cares about their business to HELP out with a customer issue. I am not even asking for anything anything extra. I just want my trade in paid off so it doesn't hit my credit. Just nothing but the WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!!!!!
The Maple Leaf Lounge located in the transborder section of YUL is clean and well-appointed, and there's a good amount of room to get set up and do some work (or relax and read one of the many magazines offered in both French and English).

The food offerings vary in quality, but are much better than anything you'll find in a US-based carrier's airline lounges. Surprisingly good was the Canadian pea and bacon soup, which had a nice little kick to it!

Of course, the most important difference between airline lounges to the north and south of the border - complimentary alcoholic beverages, all self-serve. Vive la difference!

If you're a Star Alliance Gold member, you have free access to this lounge and it's worth visiting. Is it worth purchasing a day pass? Probably not, unless you're experiencing a significant flight delay.
I would highly recommend these two people..very courteous and professional..work was very satisfying..
Fantastic taste and value!  We had several items on the menu.  The crunchy chicken tacos were fan favorites; the basic chicken meal was very good too.  The shrimp dishes were good enough but stick to the chicken.   They have a great salsa bar that also includes fresh serrano  peppers and cilantro. Prices are great, as was the service...very professional, personable, and well timed. We'll be back!
I had my birthday lunch their, "It was WONDERFUL". I had chicken egg foo young and pork fried rice. I also brought home 2 egg rolls and sweet and sour pork. The one thing I like about it, the sweet and sour was the best I ever had. Jason was a perfect waiter, and the soup was perfect too, from what my best friend told me!!
Had a great experience here at fossil had a lot of help from two funny gorgeous woman Karla and Gelsy. Gelsy helped me pick out a new wallet just the exact one I was looking for. They also got cool back packs for men. I tried them on and wow are they comfy. I love how honest these girls were when it came to me asking their opinion on how things would look or match with certain things
Probably the worst customer service I've ever experienced from any store.

Walked in, asked one of the employees where a their glue guns were. Told me to go to aisle 7. 
When I couldn't find it, I asked a different employee if she could show me where to find it, she said aisle 7 - I then asked if she could actually show me since I couldn't find it. She says, oh we don't have glue guns.

Why tell me to go to the aisle, then as soon as I ask to be shown it, tell me they don't carry it. Either 1. You're too lazy to move, or 2. You just don't care about customer service.
Good selection of draft beer. Beer cheese dip is excellent but surprisingly cold! Calamari is a little salty\/seasoned for my taste. Fantastic service! A great place to spend a little time on a layover or delay.
I was underwhelmed.  I liked the charcoal grilled taste to the dog but I've had a much better dog than Ted's.  Nathan's for instance is a superior hotdog.  I really wanted to like this place but everything was just okay, not good, not great.
I can't say enough good things about Raintree Auto Body.  They really did an amazing job.  Not only an  amazing job on my car, but also where it really counts . . . customer service.  Adam communicated with me regularly to give me updates and my car was ready when promised.  While I certainly do not wish to have my car involved in an accident, I know where I will be taking it if I ever have damage in the future.  Thank you to everyone at Raintree.
These guys are truly as good as it gets. They did a re-key and complete security install at my home. They were punctual, clean, and done before I knew it! Best of all, the prices they offered for the installation and service were better than I could find anywhere else. My wife and I sleep well knowing our home and kids are protected by a fantastic security system. I recommend them to anyone. These guys are locally owned and operated.  Great work.
disgusting.  Old . Stale bread , appetizer clearly was not freshly made. Embarrassing piece of sea bass swimming in butter, overdressed salads 
We skipped dessert. Huge disappointment.
Needed a place for a large group in the area and Pizza Rustica fit the bill. They allowed us to do separate bills which was a huge plus. Also one of the few restaurants in the area that is open on Sunday afternoons. The food was delicious. I particularly liked the salmone pizza, the spaghetti and meatballs, and the Cajun chicken. I wasn't that fond of the philly steak pizza but others seemed to like it. Will definitely come back, especially if I have a large group.
I haven't had a bad doughnut before. What makes this place unique are the different and delicious flavours.
This is a ZERO STAR review.  I wish that I would have read the reviews prior to spending $4,000+ at this store.  Within the first week of riding my spin bike at home, I experienced problems.  I called Durst and explained the issues that I was experiencing and what I had done to resolve the issues, and the guy on the phone suggested that I contact the manufacturer.  I spoke with the manufacturer numerous times, I read the manuals and researched online, all to no avail.  Finally, the manufacturer sent me back to Durst.  I called a week ago and spoke with the manager (Dan) who said he would call me back.  He didn't.  I called again two days ago and Dan was not available and didn't return my call.  I called back today and spoke with Jared Durst.  Aside from being rude and not listening to what I had to say, he refused to take the bike back.  I told him that I am an experienced spinner and I am completely unsatisfied with the bike.  It does not ride well, is extremely uncomfortable and the computers and controls do not work.  He could care less.  Jared offered to pick up the bike and take a look at it...but he will not efund my money.  This establishment is terrible!  There is no way to know how a bike is going to perform by spinning in a retail store for 3 minutes.  When I purchased this bike, I was told that if I didn't like it, just let them know!   Durst just lost the sale of an entire home gym that we will be equipping next Spring.  Next stop...BBB, local news, etc.
Decent tacos, piss poor restaurant.  

Lunch line was 45+ minutes.   They have 3 lines which is incredibly confusing.   No help from any employee, which would help the line move faster.    

Outside, in the 100+ degree weather there are no fans, no misters, no service.

Tacos were like $1.40-$2.00 each, and not worth the wait.    I'd much rather pay $15 for 3 tacos at CABO WABO that are made with much higher quality ingredients and taste a whole lot better.
Lunch Special Wagu Burger was Unbelievable.  It came with egg plant fries that was perfect. Service gets 5 Stars.  Wife had the fried noodles   We shared California Rolls. Burger is hands Dow the Best deal in Vegas!
Great food and Desserts!! reasonable priced!Espresso is great. Try the new chocolate croissant. The croissants and panini . Their menu has great choices. The staff is very friendly and their service is five stars. I would recommend!
5 star Matzah ball soup!   Yum!  Yum!  Yes I asked a customer waiting to be seated if they came here often. She recommended the Matzah ball soup.  Glad I tried it. 

Ordered soup and sandwich. Got their hot pastrami and Matzah ball soup. Yes the Matzah ball soup was good. Huge Matzah ball loaded with flavor. Wonderful broth and some noodles.  The hot pastrami sandwich was loaded but came cold.  Thought that was odd.  So I asked about that afterwards. I asked what hot meant?  Was it hot mustard?  Was it hot steamed pastrami?  Which was it because the sandwich possessed none of this things. I found out the pastrami was suppose to be hot. Management took $7 off the bill.  

This place is busy and features many baked items and other items to take with you (deli).  Looked so good. Too bad we were traveling. 

The bathrooms were not clean. Walls were dirty and the bathroom was not cleaned. Needs painting and bleaching.
We're so excited that this place is open!  My boyfriend and I walked in 20 mins before closing and the staff was so friendly and willing to answer any and questions we had about the menu. We placed our order to go and was ready in less than 5 minutes. The atmosphere is super chill and very clean.

We took our order home and noticed the packaging immediately. This is not your standard to-go styrofoam box but plastic containers that the food is presented perfectly in.  I ordered the MMG Signature Wrap and side Cesar salad which exceeded my expectations. The wrap was loaded with chicken and just the right amount of turkey bacon, rice, lettuce, beans and cheese. The jalapeño wrap and signature sauce tied everything together perfectly. My boyfriend ordered the Italiano Salad with chicken which included spinach, romaine, roasted red peppers, mozzarella and balsamic dressing. He and I were very pleased with our selections. And the portion sizes are spot on.

Needless to say we will definitely be back to Muscle Maker Grill!
I have only put down my deposit and haven't even signed the lease yet, and I already hate dealing with this management company. What do these people even do? Clearly nothing with customer service in mind. I have called them a number of times to ask if certain provisions could be made (nothing outrageous, but things like painting the walls back from what the old tenant had painted them, fixing broken floor tiles which could be dangerous for our little 2 year old daughter) and none of these were met with anything close to friendly customer service. The attitude I got from Tonya was as if it wasn't their problem. It's been more than 2 weeks already since I wrote them to ask if they would reach out to the owner about these fixes and I still haven't been replied to. It's coming time when I need to sign the lease and I really am debating on it just because of my already terrible experience with this company and I haven't even had to deal with them for a month yet.
I'm sorry but this is probably the best thing happened to my life, after my wife. This restaurant beats the living hell out of all those 5 star restaurants on the strip. Hands down the best sushi restaurant ever created. Greatest sushi quality ever. Please come here if you want the best experience eating food.
NEVER go to Dobson Ranch Golf Course -based on customer service. Or the lack thereof....


1.)    We were shoved in with another 2 players although we had our own tee time reserved the day before & we arrived 30 minutes early. They overbooked & that is NOT our fault. 

2.)    I was proudly keeping good time even as a noob, so when the ranger ever SO rudely told us to golf faster, we kindly explained we had to wait at each hole for the people in front. He then proceeded to get mildly aggressive & ruder and told us "well they aren't there anymore, so you need to keep up regardless". (but we were keeping up- even waiting- just saying) 

3.)     We immediately stopped our game & complained at the front desk. The desk guys said they couldn't refund us for 9 extra holes because they don't have a rate for that. 

Tough luck basically. RUDE RUDE RUDE. I asked for some sort of refund & they gave me a cart fee back.... I give them a negative star & we will never go there again. Also it wasn't very well kept for the options you have in this city.
I was recently invited by some friends to Aqua e Vino for Pasta Night. Pasta Night is a family style meal, offered on  Wednesday for $40 per person. The evening starts with some amazing rolls with marinara, followed by charcuterie, then three pastas served family style and desserts.

From the minute we arrived, we were treated like royalty. Drink orders were taking and an overview of the evening was provided. We decided to take advantage of the family style meal. We started with charcuterie, which included several meats and cheeses, some olives and breads. The selections were amazing, loved every bite.
On to the pasta! From the menu, we selected the Fregola with Clams, Pappardelle with Duck Ragu and Gnocchi. All were amazing, but the Pappardelle with the Duck Ragu was my favorite! You can tell the pasta is homemade, and the accompaniments were cooked to perfection, all served piping hot.
To top the evening off we enjoyed a platter of desserts, which included a chocolate cake, berry layered cake, coconut cake and homemade whipped cream. A perfect way to end the evening!

I cannot stop thinking about the meal, and cannot wait to return.
Reservations are definitely recommended as this is an intimate atmosphere with a small setting. So, definitely consider next time you are craving an amazing Italian dinner for a special event. Aqua e Vino is worth it!
Super friendly staff with quick service. Family friendly atmosphere; I was there with my two girls.  Odd combo of chicken fingers and texas toast. Fries were good. Chicken is a bit too deep fried for my liking; the chicken taste is masked by the "fried" taste. Overall a nice alternative to a burger joint.
One the better places to get breakfast in town. They're potatoes are very flavorful. Their pancakes are also very good but I like their savory items. Their breakfast sandwich is also very good! Great sauce with tomatoes and all kinds of fixings. I will note that the last couple times I've gone, the flavor of the food is not as bold....hope they're not getting complacent...
Good food, though the tacos aren't the most filling per each, then again their tacos taste great.
Best thing about jimmy john's is they deliver to my work. Subs are very bland & little less than average. But I'd order there again purely for delivery convenience
Was  in the area last year  waiting for a friend before a movie and decided to try a chicken shawerma.   It was decent but not exactly mindblowing . I have had shawermas where the chicken is soft and pita bread warm and fresh. Everything felt rushed and I felt the focus was more on clearing the line than pleasing the customer
How can you go wrong with a buffet with an endless supply of a large variety of sushi and a chocolate fountain?! 

I do have to say, the "warning" sign on the tables was a bit much.  I know people do waste a lot of food at buffets, but it is not welcoming to be threatened with being charged for unfinished food.  It is a buffet and sometimes I take things to try that I absolutely don't like.  I'm not going to eat them just because of your threats!  

I was in the area and convinced my husband that we should finally try this buffet.  It was a Friday night and while it was crowded, it wasn't overwhelmingly so as the tables are well spaced out.  I was in the mood for sushi so I started there.  There were about 10 types of rolls, four of five types of pieces and four types of sashimi.  They also had the sauces to add if you wanted to.   None of the rolls or pieces I ate were out of this world or extremely memorable, but they were tasty.  Most had at least one type of sauce on them, though, so if you aren't a fan of sauce on your rolls, you won't like this sushi.

Aside from the sushi, they also have a selection of the typical Chinese buffet fair.  My husband tried a good number of those dishes and again said they were tasty but nothing overly memorable.  They did have a few dim sum options which was a nice touch.

Overall, it was pricey (around $20 per person) but if you went somewhere else and got an appetizer, salad, entrees and dessert, you would be paying at least that if not more.
Seriously some of the best Japanese food in Vegas almost on par with raku which holds top honors for best Japanese in Vegas. This place was recomened to me by two friends who are both Japanese and were born and raised in Japan so you know its good. Food was fresh and definitely worth the trip out there. I'm afraid its going to go out of business though. The past two times I was here my friend and I were the only people in there. I think its partially due to its location. If it were anywhere on spring mountain they'd be killing it but instead they're tucked away behind an autozone in the southeast. Anyway go and visit and support this legit Japanese restaurant before they're no longer here.
Been going here for years. Lower quote for tires than Big OF TIRES one year. Never do unessary work. Used for company car and personal car as well.

Very personable and kind staff.

They have coffee , magazines and a TV.
I can say the place is cleaning,That's about it. Food cold as the pop. The manager yelling. I'll head the other way to poppeyes, on Loraine road.
Great service and sushi. Glad I got to eat here. Would go again. As far as sushi goes, decent prices too.
Worst event ever. Booked bus for a brew tour. Would've been nice if they had AC that worked. Bus was like a sauna. We bailed on the first stop, which thankfully was only 10 minutes from our pick up. No way in hell I'd stay on that bus for another 6 hours. Total waste of money, unless you like sweating your nuts off for 6 hours.
Best pho in town...every single time we come. Very friendly service, wide variety on the menu, reasonable prices! We visit here at least once a month and will continue to do so. Thank you for always being outstanding!
They have everything.  Getting my wheelchair through the overcrowded isles and mostly rude staff is not worth the trouble. I've started going to the international market down the road.  If you like my reviews. Follow me on yelp.
I understand using the square for payment, however swiping on one phone and then swiping on a different phone is not the answer. I have now been double charged because you were rushing. If trying to get it fixed means I have to deal with someone like the gentleman  who was at the counter. No thank you, keep the extra money. I just won't be back.
Pawn Donuts...Best Long John I have ever eaten! Friendly people. The tables and chairs are great for an outdoor place they don't feel like they are going to colapse under you. Going back to try the pizza.
I've been here once before and thought it was fantastic. 
This time we walked in and they pretty much told us we had to get the buffet, which I didn't even know was an option for dinner. We told her we had a Groupon and she said they'd still take it. I think we appeared disappointed, so she encouraged us to check out the buffet and gave us time to decide. The buffet had limited items but we were probably going to get Chicken Tikka Masala or Curry anyway and both were on the buffet. Our Groupon was set to expire in a week so we figured we better just use it. I think the owner sensed our hesitation and finally offered us the whole menu but she said it'd be a long wait for food nice they were getting busy. Only the booths were occupied so it didn't seem busy but we decided to stick with the buffet option, we were pretty hungry. She also moved us to a different booth, both of which seemed dirty, very confusing.
We were given a fresh basket of Naan and our drinks. And on to the buffet, I think the Chicken Curry was the best thing on the buffet but was pretty picked through and there wasn't much left. Tikka Masala was kind of bland, I make better at home. The Tandoori chicken was good but we kept getting little broken bits of bone in the meat around the whole bone. I didn't really like their dal either.
The entire time we were there workers kept walking back and forth with big sheets to set tables, aren't they closed after lunch to do this? We got there about 6 so there couldn't have been that many people in and out that quickly. The waitress\/owner was very nice and apologetic throughout but the entire experience was strange. With all the good Indian options in town, I doubt I'll go back.
It's difficult to review a cab company, because I have a general disdain for all cabs and how they run in Toronto. 

Yet, if I have to choose, I would choose Becks, over any of those other ones. 
I find them reliable and the cars nicer, cleaner. They also are more available. 

But here starts my rant about cabs in Toronto
I think a lot more people would use cabs as their mode of transportation if it wasn't highway robbery. $4.25 to just sit down? And no additional mileage included in this? It's just a rip off. 
Although, because of this, less and less I find that cabbies would not reject you, even if you were going a small distance (then again, I could be wrong). 

I went from the Metro Convention Centre to the CNE the other day, and it was $11.50. Am I still obligated to give tip? 
I did ask before I got in, if he would take credit card. He took forever to get that machine started, and it asks me for tip. 
I don't see a reason for it, because isn't that what the $4.25 was for? No other cabs in the world (NYC, anywhere in Asia) expect this. 

General advice, if you're travelling long distances, it's nauseating. You're better off cabbing to the nearest subway, and taking it from there. You'll feel better, and it's actually cheaper.
Liked it sold more upscale stuff but good quality.  Something like Whole foods but a bit more expensive in some items.  And I agree with others the bakery is really nice.
Hands down the best, least painful Brazilian I've ever had. Usually go to Fuzz or 10 Spot but tried Smooth based on strong reviews. I saw Ashley and will request her next time. She's so gentle, quick, meticulous, and a sweetheart! They use an imported Australian hard wax thats amazing and I honestly felt almost no pain at all.
This vietnamese restaurant has good soups and close to yorkdale mall, major highways like 401, Allan road. They have lots of parking in front of the restaurant, take out, delivery are also available. Price is decent and food quality is good. The restaurant is relatively small but clean.
Pretty good taco spot. Tacos were better than average but not the best I've had in Toronto. My bf an I ordered 5 different ones to try: chicken, carnitas, fish, steak and bulgogi. The fish taco was ok, not the tastiest we've had but definitely not bad. The bulgogi was the best one, very tasty and left us wanting more. The rest all fell in the middle - pretty good, no complaints. The most unique aspect of our visit was Wilbur's hot sauce and salsa bar - definitely extra points for this! Service was excellent, food was good. Overall I'd say a 4 star rating, with service and overall experience being a slightly stronger suit than the food itself.
We were excited to dine at Fuegos tonight. We had tried to go a couple of other times and they were not open. So tonight was the night. We started with the Tuna cerviche, and the baked goat cheese appetizer. The baked goat cheese was great however the bread they served with it was stale. The cerviche was very different. The
 tuna was fresh but not marinated. It was the weirdest cerviche I have tried.
One person in our party ordered the something off the vegan menu, it was tasteless. Now my chicken dish was prettg good, and the salmon was tasty too for being frozen. Some hits and some misses, don't think I will be back. I must say the dining room and the overall space was very well done. Just bring the food up to speed.
Mi Cocina is my favorite Mexican-style restaurant in the Madison area.  I have never come away unimpressed with either the food or the service.  I can't really speak to authenticity since I wouldn't really know it if I saw it, but for what they do Mi Cocina does it well.  All I do know is that I have gotten my favorites here over and over without ever having any problems.  The staff is always friendly and fast which sets the place apart from several other area restaurants of the genre.  If only for consistency I would rate Mi Cocina a three, and with never having a bad meal I definitely would go with a high 3.5 - 4 stars.

Last time I had the fried tilapia tacos, and I especially enjoyed the spicy cream-based sauce that was served on the side.  It was perfectly seasoned for my taste, though it was a bit hot for my mother.  The tilapia was lightly fried and was still tender.  The accompanying refried beans were decent, and served to allow for the spice from the tacos to dissipate.  I still put the blackened tilapia tacos at Tex Tubbs at the top of my favorites list, but these easily jumped to the #2 position.  On previous trips I've gotten flautas, which were perfectly fried and not too crispy, and the enchiladas sonora, which comes with an excellent spinach and a creamy sauce.  I also really enjoy the cheese and mushroom quesidilla and the fajitas.  My sister, who is lactose-intolerant, had found the menu a bit dairy-laden, but she did end up finding a chicken breast entree that is now her favorite.  The prices are quite reasonable and given the amount of food always a good deal.  Mi Cocina probably won't ever be held up as a paragon of the style, but it has always been reliable and enjoyable and for that I'll keep coming back.
Had the special of the day - roast beef, cheddar, spinach, tomato, mustard, horseradish.  It was amazing.  Ridiculously good.   Owners are super nice too!
This place is hands down the best BBQ I have had. I ordered the burnt ends with coleslaw and mac-n-cheese. The bunrt ends almost melt in your mouth and the sauce was amazing! Didnt overpower anything. The coleslaw had an italian dressing flavor to it and, although different than what I have ever had, was extremely tasty! The mac-n-cheese- If you mess up that then it sets the tome for the rest of the meal and it was outstanding! This IS my new BBQ joint to eat at. Thank you folks for an outstanding meal. Our waiter, Stephen, checked on us regularly making certain everything was either topped off or we had everything that we needed and wanted. Be sure to ask for him when you go.
This Del Taco is possibly the best location I have been to in Arizona. Their customer service is fast and friendly. Also, the seating area is kept clean and wiped down. If you haven't tried the new mini shakes, you're missing out! They're only a $1 for such deliciousness, so be sure to add one to your order. Overall, the family enjoyed their meal.
Teriyaki Chicken was very dry 
Fries were good 

Turkey club was so dry 
Fries were good definitely worth a try


Recommend if you are looking for a new place
Yep...I agree with the previous...absolutely gotta love them....attentive, awesome work...great place to get you looking your best!
The customer service was great. My technician, Adrian, was knowledgable, straight forward and got the job done quickly!
Great place to get good sushi everyone is very frinedly definitely recommend to try it.
Service took long. 

Cool atmosphere.. Theres a dj there.. I was told that on Friday nights, they play hiphop but it was not true (maybe a diff location).

Spaghetti n meatball was alright.. Don't get the mozz inside it because cheese aren't even melted.

The charity bread was good.. It was pretty pricey for the quality.
So convenient after a night of partying...

They're open 24 hours! What could be better? 

I had the double egg & cheese sandwich with bacon. So good, and wonderful after the abundance of alcohol consumed at the club earlier :-)

Service was very fast. Even on a Friday night at 2:15am with crowds of people. Waiter was very nice, and he remembered our orders without having to write them down. 

Will definitely be my go-to place after late night Strip antics.
Great view! Drinks were very weak (during happy hour). Our waitress was very stuck up, never understand why someone can't be nice to other people. The weird thing was that she was nice and had fun with her co-workers though.

Happy hour 4-7pm. All cocktails are 2 for 1. Beer and wine excluded.


**manager contacted me and tried his best to resolve my bad experience. Will be back this week to give this awesome location another shot.

** had a great experience the second time. One of my favorite spots in vegas. Will be back!
Where to start? Probably the best steakhouse I have ever ate at.  At first I didn't want to go in the restaurant cause I thought it would be a strict dress code but as I looked around it was casual dress, so I went in a sundress.  Our waiter was named John.  He was awesome.  He took good care of us at our table. I had the filet mignon with the four cheese macaroni.  It was AMAZING.  Our experience there was an amazing one and would definitely visit again on our next trip back to Las Vegas.
This is one of the freshest restaurants around. The choice of items to build your meal can get confusing if you don't know what each item is. But they have signs up describing each item to decide what to add. 
The mezzes (appetizers\/sides) are so scrumptious. baked cauliflower, falafels, mac & cheese, etc. 

I think the staff realizes that a lot of folks don't know what or how to order so they're friendly and can help you decide. 
We usually get the build a bowl. They start with a base like rice or quinoa, then add the sides to the bowl. The protein is an extra $2. 
Oh, and you have GOT to order a juice. It's real juice, not processed. You can get cucumber with lime and mint, or watermelon with lime. These drinks are very, very good. It's all you can drink, so fill up before you leave!!
We will definitely be back. We've eaten here twice now and each time has been wonderful. 
It can get a bit pricey but what you're getting in exchange, your body will thank you for.
Decent cute Taiwanese joint located in yet another strip plaza. They give you free tea with your lunch purchase so I scored free milk tea! Which was delicious by the way.

I ordered the braised pork over rice but the pieces of meat were quite fatty and large. It wasn't minced as I was expecting. The flavor was all right.

The tie ban noodles turned out to be spaghetti to my dad's dismay. He was very shocked to find that such a dish existed in a Taiwanese restaurant.

My sister got the wonton noodle soup and she thought that it was too bland for her tastes.
Unfortunately this little gem has just about been abandoned.  My bf was working at the Hilton, so I went to shop a little and walk around before meeting him for dinner.  There really aren't any shops and the casino is also closed down.  There are a few restaurants, mostly moderate priced and up.  Hopefully the area will be revived when the economy is stronger.
The 1b of ramen noodle shops in Vegas (see Fukumimi for 1a)!  My kindergarten aged daughter's new favorite eatery. :)

I've been coming here with my family on and off now since opening, and even though the broths and noodles are still very tasty, the quality of the soups and other items have been hit\/miss over the last year or so.  Used to be that we'd always order the takana rice and gyoza, but both of those taste like microwaved foods now (even though freshly made - if you watch the kitchen).

The broths are still very tasty, but sometimes overly salty, sometimes not enough.  Hit\/miss, like I said.  Stay away from the shoyu and miso version if you don't need extra sodium.  Normally I just get the tonkotsu with corn, nitamago, and takana on the side (self-add for saltiness).  If I'm there with my daughter, then I get an extra order of noodles to share - broth is usually enough for two decent sized bowls.  

Seating at the counter is still the most fun - especially with young(er) kids.  But being that the restaurant is tiny (only has five 4-tops I believe and 9 or 10 counter seats), groups larger than 2 usually wait a while.  

Still a great ramen place to sit down and slurp in some noodles on cool Vegas nights though!  Just stick to the basics!
I took a friend out to eat here recently to celebrate his new job. We both started off with a cocktail, a cucumber lemonade vodka drink. Really refreshing. I ordered the Steak and Shrimp dinner with a side of broccoli and mashed potatoes. Really good. My friend got the Filet Mignon and he had zero complaints. The service was good. We will be back.
What does the lamb say?

Not much, I ate its tongue. 

What does the lamb think?

Not much, I ate its brain.

Sure, it's not cheap. We found a bottle of pinto nero in the "other reds" that was fairly inexpensive and shared apps and two pasta dishes, eschewing larger dishes and saving a few bucks that way. 

I would probably award it 4 stars, but it gets a bonus star for allowing me my first opportunity to eat lamb's brain. and tongue. Both were good, by the way, especially if you really like the flavor of lamb. Cause they got it.
This guy should be given a zero. He charges for a retainer and is all ears until he receives that check. Then, you will be relegated to a paralegal and simply be pushed to the side. If you truly want to have a lawyer that actually cares about your case, use someone else.
First time coming by, ordered 4 slices of cheese pizza and have to say really disappointed. The cheese on 3 of them was burn, all had little to no real flavor. 

Service was decent

Price wasn't terrible.

I don't know that I would return willingly.
Beautiful design of a building and new.  Nice rooms and bathrooms. Big bathrooms. Small room.  Disappointed with the mattress! It feels like a motel 6 mattress but everything else is nice.  They should replace the cheap beds. Not a good thing to cut corners on! Maybe I'm a spoiled brat but that's why I come to "nice hotels " instead of ghetto ones.  Just being honest here :) change the beds and you'll be on to something good here
WOW!  After reading all the reviews there are some real idiots out there when it comes to rating a food establishment.  this place sucks to high heaven.  Food is like crap and the portions are really small, I'm Hawaiian and like to eat like back home where home grown food is served-huge portions.  Yeah the pygmy behind the counter needs to go, she is the biggest little downfall for this place and gives the 808 a really bad tase and name.  I personally will never go back.  Hamburger steak taste like rubber meat, chicken taste like three day ole dead bird, and more.  Service really stinks - service without a smile - attitude.
I hate to say this but this is a horrific place. It's not a restaurant. The seating is like a food court, and no service. 

To make it worse, the food is not worth trying. I question the quality of the oil they use. I don't know how to describe it but it looks "dirty" to me. I'm also kinda suspicious that they reuse their oil over and over again. 

I had been wanting to try it for days but now I'm sorry to say that I will never come back again.
Good food.   Slightly upscale\/casual dining.    Prices were a little higher than I expected,  but the quality and presentation of the food was good.
It was my best friends birthday today and they brought out a cookie with ice cream and a candle on top. They remembered the request I made on OpenTable and they even sang happy birthday to him!!!! 

Thanks for making it memorable Jack, Anthony and the entire staff.
You have to order cocktails here the presentation is so cool, bubbling and smoking all over the place. And they are so full the value is really good! 

For food I ordered the tuna tartar and oysters as appetizers both were presented beautifully. As the main course of course I had to eat lobster because I am not an animal! When it was time for dessert I was too full for anything so I enjoyed a double espresso so I would be ready for a Vegas night! 

I really should mention the ambience. The location is so cool it sort of feels like you are seated in the skeleton of a wine barrel or an old ship. The beautiful polished wood and dim lighting it had a very romantic feeling. Plus it is elevated in the heart of this shopping area so you can watch all the people passing by. I would definitely go again!
The cheapest hotel for a Memorial Day weekend.  I dont think I would come back here.  The sink water had an odor and tasted like burnt rubber tires.  Ewww I cant believe I brushed my teeth with that water!!
Very enjoyable place to eat! 

We decided to stop at about 730pm on a Friday night and while it was very busy were weren't waiting long for a table. We sat at the bar and ordered some Blue Moon drafts while we waited. Very tasty. 

We were seated about 15 minutes later at a very comfy booth. I ordered the 22 oz prime rib. My guest had the grilled shrimp and strawberry salad. 

We were brought fresh bread, still hot from the oven, to enjoy while we waited for our entrees. There's really nothing better than fresh bread, in my opinion. 

The entrees were a little slow to come out but my guest was very pleased with her very beautiful and tasty salad. My herb roasted prime rib was delicious as well and came out cooked exactly as I had requested. The mashed potatoes I had as a side were very tasty as well. 

If we disregard the time it took to get our entrees, I would say the service was fantastic. She was very attentive and seemed to be conscious of not interrupting the conversation. 

The price was reasonable for a steak house type dinner and I most certainly consider this place as superior alternative to Outback Steakhouse or Black Angus type of restaurant. 

I would highly recommend!
I'm a real sucker for a feel good story and Jerome "The Bus" Bettis is all of that and more.  So, what fan of the 5 time Super Bowl Champion Steeler's doesn't wanna eat at Jerome's restaurant?

Located in the Del Monte building near Heinz Field, the outside patio has an awesome view of the Pittsburgh City skyline.  On a hot Saturday afternoon, we opted for inside.  We were here for a late lunch, so we didn't get really adventurous.  My friend had a highly recommended Fried Italian Hoagie.  It was stuffed with salami, pepperoni, cappacola, provolone and hot peppers, battered and then "yes" deep fried.  It was crazy good!  My simpler tastes went for the Apple and Blue Cheese Salad with sherry bacon vinaigrette and candied walnuts.  Needless to say, I helped my friend polish off his hoagie and we took most of my salad home!  They also have the very best raspberry iced tea ever!

Service was great.  We had a team of servers attending to our needs, not just one.  They seemed to be working as a mob, even though the place was busy.

My friend commented that the men's room had a two way mirror, I could live without knowing about that.  

4 star restaurant, get's another star for being Jerome's.  I said I'm a sucker.  No, I'm a fan.  I love it!
It's Starbucks, not much to hate! The coffee is good, food is decent, and there's wifi availability. You get the best of all worlds in this place. The only downside is the drive-through can get extremely slow when one person is working..but we won't say any names. Because of this I always just walk inside..much faster and I like the people. Love it.
First time trying this place out. Plenty of elbow space for customers who want to come in for a quick lunch. They serve 11" pizzas. You can put any topping you want on them. Great service, great price.
My three friends, my boyfriend and I ate at Spoon House on Friday at about noon (3\/19). The food was mediocre, the ambiance was good, and I left feeling pretty satisfied. The satisfaction wore off, and the nightmare began, like so many B-grade horror movies. 
Fast forward to Saturday night. My stomach feels like it's being stabbed by a thousand treacherous knives, and my boyfriend is not doing much better. We're getting chills, we're achy, and we can't do much beyond lay on our backs and bemoan our pathetic existence.
Around 10:30, calamity hit. Our apartment bathroom devolved into a Lord of the Flies scenario, with both of us fighting past each other to find something, anything, to throw up into. Vomit the consistency of wet granola spewed out of each of us like buckshot. I will spare you the details of our other bodily functions, but let's just say that by dawn, our bathroom resembled a Pollock. 
My boyfriend only vomited once. One of the unfortunate souls we dined with threw up over twelve times All of us were too weak to do much beyond lay on our respective bathroom floors, undergo unspeakably painful stomach cramps, vomit, and pray for an Easter miracle. 
Spoon House, all of Neptune's great ocean will not wash this blood from your hands. We're graduate students. We all have deadlines and conferences coming up, and having to sleep in a bathtub because I just can't stop throwing up is not the best use of my time. The fact that all five of us had different dishes just underscores the fact that you guys need to start following health code before you get shut down. As per my scorched earth policy, I will never go back and I will warn all of my friends about your culinary betrayals. Get it together.
Great friendly restaurant for Filipino style food - breakfast\/brunch, hot food and baked goods. Must try their freshly baked Ensaymada!
The best local farm market! Easy access and plenty of parking for fall events. The hayride to the pumpkin patch was fun and the corn maze was challenging but not overwhelming. Great owners and lots of fresh vegetables. Make this a regular stop on your way home.
I'm a big fan of Olive Garden, and this is a pretty standard one. They are all set up the same way, aren't they? Lunch special is cheap if you can get there before 4pm ($7.99 endless soup, salad and breadsticks). The lasagna frita appetizer is so delicious - make sure you try it! And try subbing ranch for their italian salad dressing - it's my new favorite (why don't they sell it at the grocery store too??).
Customer service is always good.
Clean place.. Friendly staff and they are fast as they can be.. Really busy every time I go in but worth it.
4x4 animal style is the way to go.
Also animal style French fries. Don't forget to ask for the special sauce on the side for the ultimate flavor ever.
Great drinks. We had icebergs and they were excellent! Our bartender Marie took great care of us. Thanks Marie!!!
2 years ago I took my 3 year old in to get her ears pierced. I was a bit nervous about it, because the person behind the counter looked like she was 12. But, because I had already told my daughter she could, she was insistent about it. 

The worker marked her ears, showed me, and then put the earrings in. My 3 year old was so proud of her earrings. We cleaned them everyday and followed all the instructions provided, but, my daughter still got an infection. 2 years later, we still have issues with it.  She has said for the past 2 years, she wishes she never got her ears pierced.  

I have been back to the piercing pagoda 1 time since that day. I went to get another pair of earrings, thinking that maybe my daughter was having an allergic reaction to the steel they used. Again, the person behind the desk looked 12. He tried to sell me a pair of earrings that were tarnished, saying that they were the only ones they had that were hypoallergenic. They were also the most expensive pair of kids earrings, and had obviously been in the case for a while. 

I wouldn't recommend anyone going to Piercing Pagoda. The staff seems too young to be well trained in this trade, and in my experience, they don't know what they are doing.
First time ordering and paying on the Yelp site but certainly not my first meal from Pat's. I think its the best Pizza in town. The crust is amazing. Great staff and fast delivery. My go to for pizza in Central Phoenix!
This place did a great job while other places tried their hardest to rip us off. They fixed our ac for a reasonable price and didn't add on a ton of unessential work. Highly recommended.
Want way too much food for lunch? This is the place! Every time I come here I get placed into a food coma. Feeling like treating yourself today? Go for the sopapillas with honey.
They cancelled on me twice.  The second time they did not even call, when I called them the told me they had left a message but there was none on my answering service.  They said they had to cancel so many in the last couple days they would not be able to get out for a couple weeks.  I had already moved all my furniture of the carpet in our entire house, no offer to help or make things right.  Horrible company, horrible customer service.
My daughter has been attending this daycare location since June 2015, starting in the infant room and is currently in the older 1's room.  

We chose Valley Child Care because at the time we only needed 3 or maybe 4 days a week and this place charges daily rates.  I didn't want to pay for a full week when she wouldn't be there for the full week.  

They also were aware that my daughter required to be dairy and wheat free and were pretty good about this. When she grew older and was walking, she unfortunately scrounged from other kids, so she would have regular bouts of issues with dairy and wheat from then on.

For infants, at the time, it was $42 a day?? Rates have gone up since then, where the infants are charged a weekly rate of $230, no matter how many days they are there.  Luckily my daughter turned 1 and was walking right about the time this change happened and she was moved up.

Infant care is good.  They don't pacify the baby with food at all times, so there is no overfeeding or anything.  However, if you have a baby that requires to be held, especially while transitioning from Mom care to daycare, your baby is gonna cry... a lot. I hear the new babies crying all the time... breaks my heart. They teach the baby to self soothe, as hard as it is to tolerate a crying 8 week old baby who just misses his mom.

As my daughter moved into the next room, her dad and I got into a regular 5 day workweek schedule that didn't involve weekends, so she became full time. Rates went from $38 a day to now we are back at $42 a day, within the year.  So we have literally not saved ANY money from the infant room to toddler room.  We are paying now $210 a week for her, which, in my opinion, is excessive for an almost 2 year old.

While I appreciate the education she gets and greatly benefits from, there are periods where the kids get out of control.  She got bit 4 times in 2 weeks at one point and since I had a discussion with the teachers, the biting stopped. I do get told that the other kids attempt to steal her toys and pull her shirt or whatever like toddlers do, and my daughter does have to defend herself because these kids just come after her.  I picked her up with a bruise on her cheek and nobody knew what happened.

Toddlers are toddlers... I get it, and I'm pretty tolerant. But this place does sometimes border on that tolerance for me.

In summary... if you are attending part time, it's worth it. However, if you need 5 days a week, it may be in your better financial interest to go elsewhere.  Two children full time? Not going to happen unless you can afford over $1600 a month just for daycare.
We went for happy hour and I have to say I loved everything I got including the oysters and soft shell crab :) two thumbs up
Excellent Panini, better chicken parmagiana sanwiches. Melted just right, incredible fries too. Possibly the best meal we had in 5 days in Vegas.

It's part of the 1st floor food court area in the Venetian, a little spendy for food court food (would have been $30 for the two of us w\/o the ACG coupon), but
I can't be too unfair here, so I will leave at 3 stars and try again another time. 

Servers were cut due to slow time (a week before xmas) around 9PM that night. Basically the service was super slow (reallllllly slow) and the food all tasted pretty bland. I had chicken parm, friend had jambalaya and also no Bueno.  Potstickers were yuck too. I don't know what was going on, maybe it was me, maybe it was them. 

Regardless, I'm going to go back and give it another shot soon!
I come to this QT location in the mornings before work to get whatever it is I may need before work.  This location, like other QT's, seems to be quite busy!  lots and lots of traffic in and out of here at any given time of the day.

The service here is really quick, so your in and out in no time.  Staff is friendly and efficient, and location is almost always in good clean condition.  Competitive prices on gas, they have decent coffee and muffins that are quite tasty and much cheaper then most other places around.  They also have a lot of gas pumps and parking spaces, so you'll never really have to wait to get gas or get in and out of this location.

The only downside is that people here don't drive well in the parking lot.  You really have to pay extra special attention, as I've almost gotten hit a few times while stopping here in the mornings.  Other then that, its one of the better gas stations in the valley when it comes to fast and friendly service, along with competitive prices for most stuff.
Sometimes the hype is worth listening to and Humble Pie lives up to the hype.  It is so friggin good I thought about joining a gym just so I can justify eating here, all the time.

I had the fig and prosciutto and goat cheese pie, the bf had the fungi pie. Awesome. The service was amazing, the portion sizes were really good (not too big) and the ingredients and taste and combinations of the food was impeccable. Seriously gonna be the go to spot.
This is my favourite sushi place besides all you can eat. For reasonable pricing, you can get quite a lot... even for large groups, it's quite filling! We went as a party of 6 and ordered the love boat of 50 pieces and sashimi of 30 pieces- fresh!! This comes with soup and salad which is not too bad! I would definitely come back and recommend this place!!
I saw the "Blinds Etc" ad in my local neighborhood paper and decided to call them when another blinds company could not provide me with the color of blackout shades I wanted for a reasonable price.  The price I was quoted by the other blinds company was $3000 for my entire upstairs.  I am so happy I called Blinds Etc because the cost for blackout blinds in the color of my choice was $2200!  Blinds Etc has many colors to choose from and many types of blinds to chose from.  I'm sad I didn't call them for my downstairs or at least to compare but they had no reviews on yelp so I didn't even consider them as an option.  I am also impressed how quick the turnaround is at Blinds Etc.  They are about two to three weeks quicker then the other blinds company.  I am actually still waiting on my blinds to be installed by the other company.  Blinds Etc also does not care if you pay by credit card or cash- there is no cash discount.  I don't mind that because the price is very fair and when I pay by credit card I get all the points from my credit card company.  I really recommend you call Blinds Etc and ask for Eric to come out and give you an estimate.  He is very professional and no-nonsense.
The best authentic "local style grinds" in our 702. Whenever I'm missing the island food I enjoy being able to drive and fill our satisfaction. Just the right amount of flavor with the perfect "touch of aloha".my favorite ahi nachos is da bombdiggity and family devours it each time. Welcome back TOA!! We missed you
Amazing wings!! Great customer service it felt like home I'll definitely be back y'all!
Pretty sure this place doesn't exist anymore. If you are employed by this establishment or have successfully found the front door, color me misinformed.
Ate there for lunch several weeks ago with a (Indian) friend from work.  The lunch buffet was really good - excellent variety.  It was all tasty, but I think their cooks' specialties must be the vegetarian stuff.  There were also several Indians there for lunch - always a good sign when an ethnic restaurant attracts its respective community.  (Double points if they're recent immigrants who weren't raised on Burger King and Red Lobster like me and all of my friends.)
Whenever my family comes here, we always try something new. We haven't been disappointed yet. I really like their dishes with chicken; the breading is crispy but the meat is tender. The sauces have a very good taste! The customer service is usually very good; sometimes we'll get average waiters, but other times they are nicer and better than the average waiter.
As the name suggests, it's a buffet and there's a lot of seafood. If neither of these sound like you then DUH; go somewhere else. 
They've got a great sushi area as well as plenty of typical Asian dishes such as orange chicken and noodles. 
I went because of the main event- crab legs!!! People who don't like crab legs can get a plate of crab legs and then give that plate to me!
The atmosphere was clean and very typical of a buffet. We were a party of 5 and waited maybe 10 minutes on a Saturday night. My two young kids found enough to eat and my wife and mother-in-law had their fills as well. 
I'll certainly be visiting again.
The food was Ok and so was the service, my issue is the portion sizes. We had a private room and a fixed menu, I left this place hungry and I'm of normal height and weight... made a pit stop to Capriotti's afterwards.
Haven't been there for supper yet, but breakfast and lunch menu is great. Amazing staff and always clean.
Currently at this place. Extremely rude staff. Made us pay for two tables because we had 5 people whereas one would be 4. One employee is texting and one is yelling on the phone. The man I assume was the manager said "it'll be packed in a few minutes," yet there's one other group. Unbelievable customer service. Dated and expensive. Jukebox specifies "English songs only" Do not come here!!! Avoid at all costs!!!
Lettuce wraps rule! Other than that pretty average. Nothing super spectacular. Good tastey food and average prices.
The sandwiches are pretty good, I believe I had the Ham & Swiss on my last trip there. The food portions are bigger than I can eat and the sandwiches are nice and melty. The shop itself is small- order at the counter and they'll call out when your order is ready.

SubFactory isn't my favorite sandwich shop, and I probably wouldn't ever pick this place to eat, but I wouldnt be opposed to going if someone else wanted to.
They do not fry their appetizers, they're baked in the pizza oven I guess? Just not good quality. The thin and crispy pizza was good but around $15 for a medium 2 topping? Never again! Tried it twice thinking it was a fluke but no, this place sucks!
Creamy, milky, smooth, and melt-in-your mouth shaved ice was waiting for me here at Glacier. It was so refreshing after a long hot day of traveling around Phoenix. Glacier reminds me of Bahama Bucks, but much creamier. What I really enjoy here are the delicious Asian flavors and toppings. I loved all of the options like the mochi, custard, lychee jelly, and grass jelly so much, that I had a difficult time choosing between them. In the end, I opted for the Taro Avalanche. There are many more flavors and toppings to choose from; I only mentioned my favorites. I can't wait to come back!
I was looking up Dr. Sobel's website to send to a lady I met at Home Depot and saw these Yelp reviews.  

I just had to post.  

I am not sure if these negative post are just from grumpy people or what.  

I will tell you our experience.  We had a Doctor that we loved.  Our insurance changed and we had to change Doctors.  We were upset and the only thing that kept me from crying was when we realized we could go to a  new Doctor and if something big came up, we would go back to our old guy and pay out of pocket.  I had a friend who I had heard talk about her Doctor many times and how wonderful he was, so I thought at least this is a place to start and got his name.  

It was Dr. Larry Sobel at Sobel Family Medicine.  We went to him and have never looked back.  It has now been over 25 years.  The office is a one stop shop all setup.  It is a office of  3 brothers who are Doctors, one is a MD, that is Larry, one is a DO, that is Bruce and one that is a Sports Medicine\/ Back and Spine Specialist, that is Jerry.  Also there is  Audrey Sobel who is a awesome miracle worker Physical Therapist.  They also have a Chiropractor in the office. 

They do their own labs so you don't have to go elsewhere for that.  One day I said I thought I should probably get a bone density scan and they said sure, when do you want to do it?  I asked, where do I have to go for that?  The answer is just down the hall, we do it here. They even do the Ultrasound Carotid Arteries test there.  I am sure there is more that they do that I don't know about or I am forgetting to mention.  I do know they are progressive and open minded.  The bottom line is, I trust them with my life and the lives of my family.  

Yes sometimes there is a wait, but I imagine it is because these are very busy and very through Doctors and I figure they are taking care of someone else.  I have never felt rushed or pushed out for the next guy.  They listen and they care.  They have a huge staff, so I imagine someone might be rude sometime, but honestly I have never encountered anyone there who has been anything but kind and caring to me.  

In the years we have been going to see Larry or his PA we have had a few serious health problems and they have correctly diagnosed  them each and every time.  When they feel we need a specialist, they have consistently referred us to only the best doctors.  They don't do unnecessary  test and they don't just push drugs.  I have referred friends and family to them who in turn have referred their own friends and family to them too.  

So after reading some of the negative reviews I just had to put in my two cents worth.  We have told Larry, that we are sorry, but he is not allowed to ever retire.
Delicious new Vietnamese restaurant. I had a veggie clay pot with tofu. He had the vermicelli bowl deluxe. Both were flavorful and plentiful. We will definitely be back to try the pho and other items.
Well well, Happy Seven got in some serious CTV trouble when they discovered huge rats running around the place during the day and caught it on film. Happy Seven is open late and everyone I know has been there after the bar more than a few times. It's pretty straight Chinese food fare, plastic table clothes and fast service. You don't go here for the great food, it's for the convenience of a late night joint when you're loaded. But after that story, maybe never ever again.
Trouble from the start!!!! I paid extra for what's called a luxury room with view . I get to my room only to find I have full view of the roof only ( A\c and piping of the building in from of us ( no street no strip!! I call to the front to desk manager and explain to him ( Antonio) my problem , first response if that room are given based on availability.  I questioned why would have option  during booking to PAY MORE to reserve a luxury room with view of the strip if it would not be reversed , he then responded  buy saying oh you paid what 12\ 15 more ( which I took as a oh well its only a little more ) which I agree is true but I work hard for my $ and would have saved the 15$ more per night if I knew I wasn't getting what I paid for . after 5 more mins of debating and asking for his manager name and number and the manager above the first one given , did he say he would see what he could do . Only option give was to stay in the room given for night and change the next day........which sucks!!! No apology no care from the front desk manager ...sad
The next day we changed rooms and had to move all of my things to get a room on a higher floor with view of the same roof put part of the street. TROUBLE .....This day we decide to go out in the morning around 11 am and was back by 4\/5 only find that stuff from me room had been stolen. So I report it to the front desk and file a report only for the office to tell me hotel won't do anything about it . Since they can't say who took my stuff ....More B.S since i have both the given keys to the room and no one else has access but the maid that cleaned my room. Funny thing when I checked in there was card the first night with the maids name that cleaned the room but now my second night a card was left with no Name . Don't ever stay here!!!!! The value is not worth the time I spent being miss treated and losing out on seeing Vegas handling room issues and then having you stuff stolen !!!!!!
Gargantuan proportions, excellent service.

Huge pancakes, great omelets. 

Really should be $$, 2 people added up to 27$ for 2 entrees and 1 coffee
I went in for a cut and color. I didn't get the color I wanted (my own fault-past dying and damage, etc), but they told me they would help me get there. They did some conditioning, cut and color, though much of my cut was done by the instructor. He was showing my stylist his way of layering. 

Afterward, they took me through their recommended products, of which I bought quite a bit. They held it for me as I went to get my brows done. Their aestheticians were knowledgeable and pleasant, and I plan on going back for a facial when I have more time.  Because of the amount of product I was buying, they didn't charge me for eyebrow wax, which is very nice of them.

The cut and color were very well done, and I plan on making this my salon. Like any salon academy, it may take more time, but you more than make up for it on savings. I paid $60 for cut and color, and I have hair nearly to my waist.

Note: This is a no-tipping facility. The students make commission off product, but I didn't feel as if I was being pushed into any purchases. I am now a convert on Bumble Bumble. My hair was crazy damaged (I'm an impulsive dyer) and it looks completely different now. Also, the salon uses a very convenient appointment software for booking appointments, and you receive an email the day before reminding you.
Great food and well crafted drinks. Unfortunately a little pricy for the amount but can be a fun date location.
What's not to love about Jade Star? HUGE portions, great service, unbelievable prices and yes - YUUUUUUUUMMY food!  Brought a large group here over the weekend and we all ordered combo dinners for around $9.00. Food was excellent and the leftovers even better. Some recommendations: General Tso chicken, chicken fried rice, spicy pork, chicken & mushrooms, Kung Pao chicken and egg drop soup.
over priced-- small portions. The ribs were much less than special. The ahi tuna was expensive and much less than delectable. Excellent beer selection but also over priced. Service ok.
Had Ramen with red miso and it was oishii!!! Noodles was perfect texture was amazing, crunchy and right firmness! Brith was creamy and full of taste. I also had the takoyaki, it was good but i think Kenzo's takoyaki is fluffier and creamier (own preferrence). Service was amazing and great! Ambience is good with the rustic twist on it. Worth it to visit!!!
I went out on St. Patrick's Day for the first time EVER. I met up with some friends at Oconnors to enjoy some live music and beer. I had a great time and the bands were a lot of fun. 
There is something about pounding your hand on the table to the beat and clapping your hands while drinking a glass of your favorite beer. 
The corn beef a cabbage was also good. It was my first time eating it. Not bad. I would eat it again. :) 
All in all I had a good time and as the sign on the door says "Welcome to Oconnors where your only a stranger once". 
I look forward to going back
Dr Nowak was so outrageously rude and unprofessional I would never reccommend anyone to this office!
Wow! I called in for a breakfast burrito only, and the girl says its a 45 minute wait....really!!!
This is probably one of my favorite bars in ahwatukee. Selection of domestic beer is good. My favorites Double IPA and west coast IPA. They don't change their beer frequently. I love their sliders,wings and lemon chicken.

They have nice staff who always make you feel welcomed.

They can start keeping Variety of IPA and Pale Ales.
Excellent food and attentive service.  The lamb korma, garlic naan and veggie pakora were all very good.  Also tried the kheer and had a mango lassi - all were superb.
I've been coming here for almost a year and I have yet to dislike anything! The servers and bartenders are on top of it, the last time I went our sever bused everything perfectly as well as keeping up with her obvious amount of work. As a table full of current and former customers from the industry, no one complained. Thanks for the great food and service!
Walking into this place is visually pleasing and it radiates healthy! I got the spicy beef ginger noodle broth bowl that was the best I've had. Just the right amount, amazing flavors, not salty which I loved, and perfect amount of siracha to add that zing. I judge food by how it tastes and most importantly how I feel a couple hours after eating. I felt great! I also got the tomato basil bisque for my daughter. She told me it was the best soup she had. The creaminess comes not from heavy dairy but cauliflower! I highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner and it's extremely affordable! Can't wait to go back.
This is our go to for Thai food in the area. 
They are super accommodating of gluten free requests which we really appreciate. 

Favourites:
Roasted duck curry 
Lemongrass chicken soup
Drunkard fish 
Pad See Eu 
Mango salad
Shrimp chips

It can be tricky to get through for a pick up order at peak times so call early or just stop by to place your order.
Many people develop a fear of dental anxiety, which usually stems from a traumatic past experience. It was important for me to find a dental office who i could trust with my daughter's first dental experience and i am so grateful to Dr Noorda and his entire dental team for providing nothing but quality care for her and my family. It is refreshing to speak with Pat, their office manager, her upbeat and pleasant personality is so infectious! Shelley, their Hygienist, and Dr Noorda are so informative and have such a great way with children. I appreciate the time they take to create nothing but the best experience possible for my now 3 year old daughter. I look forward to many more years of great dental care!
There's a Chinese restaurant in Lancaster, CA that my wife likes, they have big servings with really good food. So, we decided to try and find a similar restaurant here in Phoenix\/Avondale\/Goodyear area. I saw the Samurai Asian Bistro in passing the other day and told her about it. We decided to go and let me tell you, while the portions may not have been as large as the ones in California the food was very tasty. I highly recommend this place. Food is delicious and priced just right. I will definitely will go back.
We did a taste comparison between Tacos Chiwas and Al Fuego on Bell Rd by the SR51. At the end of the night eating amazing tacos side by side we concluded that if you go to either place you are the winner. Excellent mesquite flavor and texture with a beautiful tortilla perfectly cooked. A welcome addition to the Phoenix taco scene. That being said they have an amazing Verde Gordita that no one in town can touch.
being from Vancouver and asian, you would think i would love bubble tea but i don't..until i had chatime. during one of my trips to Toronto...people were raving on about chatime being so good and i trash talked and said, "it's just bubble tea, how could it be so good". well..it is. i don't know why but its delicious. i find their bubble tea a bit stronger in tea flavor which is what i like. now that i live here, i've been indulging in chatime a little too much. but so yummy!!!
Great service! and lots of sexy looking rides.

Had my green Raleigh retro glide 7 in for a badly needed tune-up and it is smooth as silk now.

thanks John!
Love, love,  this place. I'm here at least once a week or more:)  Great sandwiches, fun place...great cookies, nice folks that work here.  Just don't be in a hurry a lunch time....it gets really busy here between 11am and 1pm.
Sabas, A little gem in North Phoenix. We have eaten here on numerous occasions and have been consistently  impressed! The homemade food is spot on, recipes are family heirlooms. The service is swift and polite. Tonight we tried to eat at a new restaurant across the parking lot...after 25 minutes and a complaint, we still had NOTHING, not even waters. So we got up and came to Sabas! We left enjoying our meal, service and even have a little something for lunch tomorrow :) Try Sabas, you will love it!
Excellent coffee and great service. I normally sweeten my latte a little but theirs is so delicious it doesn't need it. Their caramel and vanilla sugar lattes are wonderful as is the pour over coffees. They use and sell Counter Culture coffees.
I just had these guys move me. Mike H. and Alex were very nice, and they made sure to take very good care of all my stuff. They were fast and very courteous. I will recommend this company to all my friends that are moving. They showed up right on time and they didn't take any breaks while they were on the clock moving my stuff.
I literally dream about this place. If I lived in Vegas, I would be here weekly. On a 4 night Vegas stay, my girlfriends and I visited here twice!

I got the vegetarian with maduros added, the guava empanada and the passion fruit juice. Literally the perfect meal.

There is nothing bad to say about this place. Stop reading reviews and go already!!
I had been going here for the last few months. Usually it's ok service. No great and no bad. But today was something else.  After my daughter and I were done. I went to pay and asked for a receipt since they never give one unless you pay with a credit card.  If I pay with cash I NEVER get a receipt.
Hmmmmmm...... Anyway, I asked for one and the guy looked at me and my daughter and asked out loud if I needed a receipt for a tax write off because I worked at a gentleman club.  WTH!!!!  So rude and inappropriate!  Even if he thought he was a funny joke. It's not!  
I will never go back here again! 
These people need to learn some manners!
They sent me a survey on what they could have done to make our experience better. Here's what I wrote: 

Not wait for an extremely long time for our shuttle, not have inaccurate waiting time quoted for the shuttle, not to be forgotten when we were waiting for our rental car to show up. I tried to be very polite and patient but I will never come back to this location again. It is very frustrating to be forgotten when we were waiting for our car and then wait for 40 minutes for our shuttle driver to takes us back. When we finally got the shuttle they dropped off another couple first who had been waiting a lot less time than us. Frankly I felt like we were being treated very second class. No wonder Uber is doing so well in Las Vegas. 

Do yourself a favor. Get Uber. Don't contribute to this horrible business and their outdated business model.
Netter Service
Gutes Angebot
Hands down the best nail salon I have been to in Madison. Also probably one of the best pedicures I have ever had. Very clean nail salon. The techs don't rush and spend a lot of time getting your nails and toes perfect. Their prices are great and I definitely wont be going anywhere else!
I went there last night and had the chicken biryani and a chicken appetizer that both were excellent. I ordered my biryani spicy, and it was done just right for my tastes. There was plenty for two people to share, but it was too good to do so. The waitress and the cook both spoke with me and treated me like a king. I will happily go back and try everything else on the menu.
The menu is small and everything we ordered was delicious we even got extra pickles! Service was great and that comes from two retired servers. The only drawback was the homeless who were present our whole meal and even tried to engage us in the street problems. My advice is to not have a table next the the sidewalk. I will go back but choose my table carefully , it will make or break your experience.
The home made waffle cones are AMAZING! The ice cream is delicious a s the costumer service is excellent. We go at least once a month if not often
I've eaten here a few times and have always had a solid meal.  I feel like this is the same quality and level of dining as Pin Kaow.  Neither are nearly as good as Lotus of Siam (  http:\/\/tinyurl.com\/l8hr9w ).

I particularly like the panang curry and the papaya salad here.

The restaurant is clean, and conducive for families or groups.  

The service is attentive and helpful.
Typical dinner experience with somewhat friendly staff where they haven't updated or renovated and never will. 

They do have excellent smoked meat which is because rare these days. Based on food only it gets 4 stars but I have mixed feelings about atmosphere 

I can't help to wonder if they will survive forever with good smoked meat and resistance to any change
I went there yesterday 5\/14\/2014 and There were friendly fast and only $17.99
complete. Didn't try to sell me anything. I will always  go to Red Bros from now on.
And i iv'e lived in Vegas for over 60 years
Bouchon was my first breakfast in Vegas. I wish I could say that it lived up to all my expectations, as the first Thomas Keller restaurant I have visited, but unfortunately I was a bit under whelmed.  
I arrived toward the end of the breakfast hours (because I got lost running around the Venetian for an hour) so the restaurant was fairly empty. The service was decent and the waiter was personable. It was the food I was slightly disappointed in. I ordered the Croque Madame and the person accompanying me had the sourdough waffles. Both items arrived at the table after about a 20 min wait luke warm. Then there was the quality of the food, which I would give a 6.5 out of 10. Hmm...perhaps it would have been better warmer... The pommes frites were decent though. For the price I do not feel this meal was worth the $60+ spent on it and it will not go down as one of my more memorable meals, which I was hoping it would be. 
Perhaps my expectations were too high. I may return again one day, after I have made the rounds of all the other restaurants Vegas has to offer.
I was visiting Phoenix for a few days and was told that I HAD to try Pizza Bianco - "the best pizza in the country."  As my friend who was with me said, he's had better frozen pizza.  I was extremely disappointed.  The pizza hardly had any taste; some of the crust was burnt; and there was hardly any cheese on it.  We had the pizza margherita and were both just very disappointed.  I wouldn't recommend this place for the food ever.
On the other hand, the wait staff\/bartender were fabulous.  Very nice and engaging.  Also the buildings were adorable right in the historic Heritage Square.
Unfortunately, I cannot get a refund (and, it would be huge)!!! The crab meat was soggy, like frozen carrots after they thaw. The shrimp had a strange texture and didn't taste like shrimp. The crepes were way too thick, but the only dessert I liked was a little concoction that came in a plastic bubble with the top cut off (I don't remember the name of the dessert). The Calif roll sushi had too much crab and not enough veggies. Our waiter was nice enough but took two plates I was wanting to keep. I have no idea how to let him know I wasn't done with them. Nothing was memorable. Would I do it again...NO!
Location,location location this place have everything you need.
After the game if you need a restaurant,movie theater or an outlet everything is a walking distance.
 Inside Jobing.com arena the sound is great for a hockey game or concert.
Goo Coyotes !!!
The staff at AutoNation are always very helpful and friendly Fran & Mike. Lisa in the finance department. Yvette in service. Always a pleasant experience.
This is a great place for lunch or dinner.  Great specials when you want to be price conscience.  Service has really improved over the years, top notch now.  The only reason I dinged 1 star is that the hostess stand person is never at her station and you end up waiting a minute or two to get seated.  I'm not talking about if she's seating someone else but goofing off in back or something.

If it's mngt has her doing something else, stop, first impressions count.
We only visited the coffee bar section at the Commissary,which has coffee drinks, bagels, breakfast burritos, crepes, and gelato.  It's handy and affordable when you want to grab a fairly quick breakfast.  My bagel was decent and they were generous with the cream cheese without and extra charge.  The husband said the burrito was decent.  Overall, for what it is, I recommend it.  I'll post more if we ever eat lunch or dinner here.
Most locals know about this place. Owned by "Joe" known for Liberty Market, Joes BBQ, and Joes Farm House. This place meets the standards of the others. Great menu and great drinks. I went with the basic drip coffee tonight. It defiantly did not disappoint. I normally go with the iced green tea. You can't go wrong there either. Pastries are awesome too. Basically, go and hangout at this rare coffee shop. It will not disappoint.
Great pizza and food and very nice and friendly as well I recommend this place if you want some good pizza
Contrary to prior posts, I have had nothing but great service from Catherine and at the other girls at Karrma. Catherine has been doing my hair for years and I love it every time. She is always accommodating for my busy schedule and takes great care with my hair! Even if I have needed to come back to achieve the color I wanted, she managed to fit me in and worked with my budget. I will definitely be back!
I spent most of my time in LA studying at different cafes. 

I've been missing LA a lot lately. I knew that if I could find the right cafe, I wouldn't miss it as much. 

Welp, I think I finally found just the place! Love the layout and size. It was small, but everything was well spaced throughout the restaurant. There's a good amount of outdoor seating on the patio. Inside, there's a counter, seating area, and a couch tucked away in the corner. Different settings for different purposes! 

My sister got the lavender latte, and I got the honey vanilla latte. The espresso was roasted perfectly and the flavors came through really well in the latte! The honey vanilla basically tasted like horchata with coffee. Service was also pretty friendly. 

If you're into cafe hopping or just a solid cup of coffee, Makers & Finders is worth checking out. Definitely plan to revisit to brunch soon!
Ordered the fish tacos and the cod portions were very generous but it was lukewarm and on the mushy side. Hand cut fries were a little limp. Also ordered  the coconut lime salad which was very good although maybe a little too much dressing but still the shrimp were very good and it was very tasty.
I have been coming here off and on for years and usually get treated okay,  but today it was different. I go in after having a stressful day at work all morning and day to get there by 3:15pm to purchase and eat my first meal of the day to have this what I feel was a ignorant,  prejudice, hateful old  man with glasses on was making my sandwich and he kept abruptly, rudely dismissing me and what I was saying I wanted on my sandwich and I found that to be embarrassing and rude. The people standing around me were uncomfortable with the whole approach as well,  so I calmly stood there thinking to myself, I deserve better treatment than what I am receiving and I feel that I am not being treated as the loyal valued customer as I should be. So then another worker that usually is there most of the time when I have ordered my food comes walking up and so I was assured everything was going to be okay by this point after my salutation to him and he dismissed and ignored me as well in front of all the customers that were standing around me and started taking their orders as he antagonized me in the process in how his coworker was mistreating me. I took it as if he thought it was funny to play with my fuckin food.  Well now you know Romanellis that I do do not play when it comes to fair, good, and acceptable treatment to a customer that has done nothing but up sale your company with compliments and how good your food is.  The arrogance that I have been receiving lately when coming in there has made me feel uncomfortable and now my blood pressure is high because my food was not satisfied and this is why I walked out on you after seeing the condescending prick was getting negative attitudes with me when in fact now I will and now have an attitude with Romanellis and the entire environment and staff. I am already spreading the word by mouth how you guys treated me today and will never come in there again and I have let three people know already and they said they will not go in there anymore.  Learn how to treat people especially the loyal customers that has done nothing but show you loyalty and love.  I can't stand this fuckin place now.  That was and is the last button of mine to push. I will not allow anyone or an arrogant business, person, or group ever mistreat and make me feel unworthy again. No more Romanellis for me, oh I forget thats what they wanted in the first place in mistreating me. So no loss right??  What a fuckin joke.
I enjoyed my experience at mastros. 
Their cocktails are delicioussss. I had the cosmopolitan, which featured a dry ice presentation. Beautiful. It was pricey but you get the mixer and the extra contents, which is pretty much 2 cocktails for the price of one.
The food was nothing short of spectacular. I ordered the ribeye and it was cooked perfectly, seasoned well and simply amazing.
Their sea bass is so tender and melts in your mouth like butter! Ah! Yum!
** The really nice thing about the place is their hefty portions, so at least you leave full and like you got your monies worth. 
It a MUST to try the Warm Butter Cake Dessert! It's worth the $16 to spend, it's a warm yellow buttery cake that's crispy on the outside, with sugar coating and warm and gooey on the inside. There's a large scoop of vanilla ice cream on top and the whole thing is finished with raspberry drizzle. It also comes with a large side of house whipped cream! 

The first time I dined at the restaurant, I received stellar service; this second time around I saw my server 3 times during our meal and I wasn't impressed with his serving qualities. 

All in all, it is definitely an experience to dine at mastros. The food speaks for itself.
For Vegas, this was a treat.  Once you get past the fact that you are sitting in a fake Venice, next to a fake canal, indoors, the setting is as charming as it gets.  We had a table on the patio overlooking the canal as the gondolas slid by, the gondoliers singing beautifully, their songs echoing off the sky painted on the ceiling.  Everything in Vegas is fake something else and this is one of the better cases.

Anyway, I love Mexican food and the food here was quite good.  I had the chicken fajitas and my friend had the chicken mole.  It wasn't the chocolately style of mole he likes but it was good all the same.  My fajitas were tasty and plentiful but nothing exceptional.  The margaritas were very good.

If you compare prices to other Mexican restaurants you know, this is pretty expensive.  (The charge for chips and salsa.). But if you compare the cost of a decent meal in a beautiful setting anywhere else in Vegas, it's a bargain.

Pros:  good food, good service, reasonable prices, wonderful setting

Cons: should have asked "salt\/no salt" when we ordered margaritas and why did I have to ask for a glass with my beer?
Wow.  Could we order any more.  :)  the manager David was fantastic explaining the menu having us sample the cheesecake and the soup.  So fantastic we the four of us ordered. 

One pita,  two sandwiches,  one giant salad,  three soups,  one iced coffee,  two hot coffees,  2 scones, one piece of cheese cake,  peanut butter cookies,  lemon square,  4 chocolate Brownie cookie combos.  
Everything he described we ordered on left with. 

All of which are homemade by Chef. Salad and sandwiches made fresh to order.  

We loved the vegan vegaterian and regular food options making it a awesome place for meat eaters and veg heads to enjoy an awesome dinner with no stress to either party.  

All of us loved our meals,  my salad was so large that I could only finish half,  but I was happy to take the rest home for later. 

Portion sizing was amazing,  large large sizes. A sandwich could definitely be split between two.  price was great.  My salad made for two was 9.99

Location: tucked away in a youth Centre,  near a seven 11. A small sign out side let's you know your at the right place.  Inside it's like a library meets café.  Nothing fancy.  But once you are eating all cares of location go out the window.  

Parking is ample and free! 

We will return and look forward to more locations as they look to explain.  The 5 star review and the already 150plus reviews are no joke and the Cafe lives up to the five star standard. 

Very excited to eat our bakers box of vegaterian and vegan goodies when we get home.
Burger bar is so great!!! Came here to eat like 3 times. They have beef burgers for like $11 and great portions! ~8 oz of beef in their burgers! They also have chicken sandwiches and buffalo and lamb burgers also. Their chipotle mayo is excellent! They also have a build your own milkshake as well as a hot smore bar! It was so fun making those smores!
Bbq was delicious, baked beans were delicious, ice cream was delicious, and the staff was excellent! The owner even made an appearance and stopped by our table to ask how everything was and took some of our trash off the table. We will be back! And next time, I'm trying the ribs!

Update, the brisket isn't good! It's not tender or juicy. It also doesn't have any flavor. Stick with the BBQ because that's delicious!
The custom-made my chai tea latte without any sweetener and it was the best I've ever had.  I got to hang out for 2-1\/2 hours to do work while traveling and felt welcome the entire time.  Good tunes at a good volume and nice place to work and drink chai.
Great to see a locally owned, authentic foods restaurant.   Good food, good people. Good pies too!
This place is GREAT! I've stopped in for dinner on 2 separate recent occasions while in Charlotte on business. The atmosphere seems a little dated but the food and the service can't be beat. My waitress was great; very friendly and helpful. I will definitely make this a regular stop when I travel to Charlotte.

I ordered the chicken kebab and falafel both times; both are terrific. I also enjoyed the lentil soup. The coffee is also very good (and unusual). It's light and brewed with a variety of spices; almost like tea. Its a nice end to a nice dinner. I look forward to trying some other items on the menu next time.

Give it a try.
The only reason it got 4 instead of 5 stars is that it was crowded and really, really loud (yeah I'm an old fart...what of it).  Honestly, this place is pretty awesome.  I was there with a party of 10 on a Saturday night.  Walked right in (no big lines like the pic on their site suggested).  The bar itself is pretty awesome - LED lit plex all the way around, big screens above the bar to play console games on, decent beer selection for a little bar Newcastle, Arrogant Bastard, Stella and a few others were present).  Killer selection of old school games here...Tron, Star Wars (yeah the killer OG vector graphic, blow up the death star one), Gauntlet, 720 and more...they even have Dragon's Lair.  Seriously, this place is pretty awesome & my friend that lured me up here said that on non-weekend nights, its a much more laid back place (see 5 star in my book).  If you like old school games, booze and people watching, check it out.  There is something satisfying about bellying up to a bar with a friend, getting your beer and a PS3 controller and playing Mortal Kombat while you drink...and this place nailed it.
I LOVE Trader Joes. They have awesome products you can't find anywhere else. And better prices on lots of things than at other stores. A whole watermelon for $3.49? Yes, please!!

I stopped by for a few things on a lunch break. There were lines to check out (are there ever not lines to check out at Trader Joes?), but the cashier was friendly and efficient. 

I love that Trader Joes is small and well-organized enough that you don't have to walk for miles to compare prices on a simple pantry staple like I find myself doing at massive supermarkets like Fry's or Safeway (grrr!).
I've seen 8 or more Cirque shows and, while the performers were good and the costumes & scenery were really interesting, the story line was really difficult to follow.  The show seemed shorter with few spotlight performances.  Still fun to see but I would probably recommend other Cirque shows before this one
One of the very awesome boba places I've been to. The tea actually tastes like tea (and not sweet milk), the bubbles are soft, yet firm.. and they offer something different - wheat germ milk tea = regular milk tea with extra fibre. Yum.
I stopped by here after spending time at the gym which is a couple doors down. Ordered Green Tea flavored with Lychee.  If you like beverages super sweet then you'll like this drink. I did like the green tea, but thought the added lychee flavor was just a tad too syrupy. Not sure if it was supposed to be that way so I didnt say anything. I'll order something else next time since they make different types of other drinks. 

At this point of sale there was a 20% your drink when you check in on your Yelp app. So dont forget to check in!

Also they have a stamp card program..so grab or ask for one if you plan on being a regular. 10 stamps = free drink.

The drink cups they serve it in are a little flimsy, so don't grip the cup with too much pressure. Hence why they probably posted a sign that they are not responsible if you accidentally drop your drink inside or outside the store. I thought it was odd, but after they handed my drink to me I see why they posted that sign. What's unique about this place is one of the drink cups they have is a different shape, shorter but wider, easier to hold, but keep in mind it wont fit in drink holders in your car. 

The place is clean, modestly furnished with a sofa , pub chairs in the seating area. Staff is super friendly and helpful. The place is always fairly busy but wait time wasn't that long at all. This Boba Tea place is a welcome addition to this strip mall.
The service and food were good. At this location Mon - Fri from 5-7pm is happy hour. Drinks are 1\/2 off at the bar...can't beat that deal. I had the "When Pigs Fly" sandwich. It was a full meal in itself. There is a lot going on in this sandwich, but all the flavors come together really well. 
The atmosphere was your usual sports bar feel. I liked it, and next time I'm in the area I will come back.
Hands down still the best Thai food in the Valley. A staple in the east valley since the early 1980's. The Mint Thai Cafe Menu is extensive, with all the traditional Thai fare. Several specials are offered. Tonight Pumpkin Curry. Over thirty years in business and still the best place for great Thai food..
We stopped in here for dinner because it was very close to our hotel and we were able to be seated immediately. They have outdoor seating, which we chose since it was a nice evening. The seating its self was lacking. The staff was nice but not on top of their game. They did not come around often enough and made some errors.

I was feeling like something simple so I ordered the Breakfast Burro. It comes stuffed with scrambled eggs, green chiles, potatoes and cheddar cheese. I chose to add sausage. It was good sized, enough to fill me up. The flavor was a touch bland, but I was able to overcome that with some hot sauce.

This is not a bad place. If you are looking for affordable bar food, then it probably will be ok.
Stopped by on way to the conference center for a drink. Staff was friendly and the bar was inside on the upper level. Great selection of drinks and food. Several local beers to pick from on tap. The rating would be higher but $6 bucks before tax for a draft beer is a little on the high side. Sorry won't be back here.
I went to Aroma after reading the great reviews and looking up their awesome prices. Not only did I go on a Tuesday for the 15% off it was my first Brazilian. I went with Margo because she had a lot of great mentions. She was awesome, super personable and very quick. I will go back again for sure! The staff were friendly and the place looks quite clean.
Well, first I would like to say gotta love to 2000's! Never thought I'd see the day when grown men are complaining like they're at a woman's hair salon, talking about their husbands.
Anyway, I'm in sales. Presentation is 50% of my job. I like Lisa the best, but haven't had a bad cut their since starting there a year ago.
Used to go get myself a $70 haircut only back home and although I will say I don't get compliments on their haircuts as i was  used to. But nonetheless it's only hair. And half of us  are going to lose it anyway.(I have pretty thick hair, so I'm not a likely candidate for hair loss.
Good luck elsewhere fellas. I'll stay!
A little too sports-bar-ish for my taste (I thought it was a chain from outside), with only decent service, but a great menu. I had the red maple pear salad and it was small for the price but near-perfect.
If I could give zero stars I would. We hadn't come to this restaurant in a while and couldn't remember why so we decided to go. It was a little busy but not too much, about 3 groups ahead of us. After we were seated they brought us bread and 2 packets of butter. It took about 5 minutes or so before they brought the silverware to spread the butter. While we were waiting for our order we overheard one waitstaff tell another not to bus a table otherwise they would keep seating people... Seriously! Eventually our food came. We got the Prime Rib BBQ burger and Parmesan Crusted Chicken. The prime rib on the burger was nothing but fat (what did I expect for $10 right). The Parmesan crusted chicken was terrible. It had the weirdest flavor, it tasted mostly like fish. Which means they probably don't clean their grill very well. Doubt we will ever give this place another chance, bad food coupled with bad service puts this place on my "do not go to" list.
I made an appointment with D&R House of Diamonds because I had heard such great things about Dave & Rich, their personal service, state of the art computer program for designing and they have over 40 years of experience in the industry. If you want excellent quality and it's important to you to do business with someone you like and trust, you should look no further than D&R House of Diamonds
I love Booths. The food is some of the best Lakewood has to offer. I love the pepper jack cheese bites and the peanut butter burger. The latter sounds weird but I would definitely recommend.

The only bad thing is the service at times. They are always friendly but it can take way too long to get served even when it's not very busy.
My friend had her birthday dinner at this restaurant last year. I ordered the chicken souvlaki and found a dead bee lying under my steamed vegetables.. I didn't say anything because I didn't want to ruin my friends event. I just hope they're more careful and catch these things before they serve it. Other than that, the atmosphere was nice!
Update:
So I came here after the manager reached out to me to personally apologize for the customer service I received. I came here for an early dinner with my boyfriend after spending the day at the strip. This location is the closest to my house and the strip and my craving was unreal so we decided to satisfy my hunger.

We are inside and the staff we super friendly, attentive, and fast. The food came out fresh and hot and it was my first time ordering the lemonade and it was so tasty and refreshing. Overall I have no complaints except for I wish they opened more locations; especially one down the street from my house 

--------------

Let me start off by saying I am a loyal Raising Canes fan. I literally eat this during every lunch break since I've discovered it (I am not from LV and never heard of Raising Canes)

If I were to rate the food it would be 5\/5 no doubt, this is my favorite fast food joint.

However, when visiting this East Flamingo location I was very disappointed and left upset by the rude "customer service" I had in the drive thru. I always go to the one near my workplace on St Rose and they treat their guest excellently. Well during my drive thru visit the lady helping us out had us repeat our order several times and then when we corrected her she would say "that's what I said" when she didn't... When we asked to substitute something she said "no you can't do it" in a snarky tone.. might I add that I've done it before at the other location. Then at the window she just came across as snobby and not wanting to assist us.

Never going back to this location.
Great company with a friendly and informative staff. Christine was very patience and helpful with getting my daughter set up with new shoes and some new leotards  for her dance class. They also have VERY reasonable prices and good quality which is hard to find. I will definitely be coming here from now on for all of my daughters dance gear!
Food was good. Service was excellent.  Didn't get why you couldn't get the bar appetizers in the dinning area.
3.5 stars for Zucca! Warm, homey, confident, packed to the brim on a Wednesday night.

We started off with a bottle of white and some very tasty triangles of chickpea bread with rosemary. I was thankful to have had those when the actual bread baskets arrived shortly after, filled with bread so hard and dry that Moses would have politely passed on it. Balsamic might have helped, but being very authentic, we had to settle with EVOO.

The gnocchi (wild leek & ricotta, San Marzano tomato puree, toasted pinenuts, $18) was a surprise - not the pile of little thick, soft, doughy nuggets that I was hoping to see and share, but three extremely light poufs of ricotta. Oh well, room for dessert.

After a century, the rest of our food came out. Our party ordered several iterations of the pesce alla griglia (daily selection of whole fish grilled with herbs, market price - our visit offered sea bream, branzino, and some others I can't remember). Accompanied with a miniature side of negligible roasted potatoes and scant bitter greens, the fish itself was delicious and cooked simply, going perfectly with our wine. "De-boned" turned out to be still pretty boneful, so we chewed carefully.

Gelato ($10) was DELIZIOSO. We chose vanilla bean, dark chocolate and passionfruit and scraped up every last bit.
I love the first Filipina on jones.. so as soon as I heard they were building one on my side of town I had to try it. I went, and it has all the classic dishes you grew up with. I was a little confused on how to order because I did not see any signs on what kind of orders you could get so I just asked. I got a two item combo with rice, came out to about $8! Not too bad. My only complaint was that it wasn't hot when I ate it, not even my sinigang. Other than that, super good, quick, and cheap!
3.5 rounds to 4

Being that this is new and supposed to put Tropicana on the map for a hot spot to go to, I'd expect a lot more out of a Las Vegas club.  

+Super nice and clean bathrooms! Don't forget to tip the attendants!
-Only one room.  If you don't like the music, you're stuck.
+Three bars with plenty of bartenders
+A few gambling tables!!!!!!
-High minimums for those tables
+View of Nikki Beach
+Friendly bouncers (shocking, I know)

Do not get me wrong, I had a good time, during the WTF Grand Opening party, but this is a very basic club.  They had a few kinks in the lines too, but it was their grand opening, so I will give them a break.
Fast friendly and tasty,  need i say more. They can handle the insane customer flow from residents, students, businesses and all the delivery orders. Haven't had a bad or slow order yet.  Try the beach club with hot peppers, it's my fave
I have taken two cooking classes with Chef Alyssa and they both have been amazing! I am not the best cook and I felt like she explained everything very well! The venue is perfect and the food was great! I would absolutely recommend taking one of Chef Alyssa's classes! Make sure you book early because they fill up fast!! I will be taking another one soon!!
Part of the experience of attending a bucco game.  From the sax man to the merchants, it all just adds to the allure of attending Pirates games.
Had to entertain some cool people while in Vegas for business, so I decided to take them out for drinks and Japanese style tapas at Izakaya Go.  What a cool name!  When we arrived, the initial response was "I feel like we're back in Torrance."  I didn't know what to think or say, but once we all sat down and started with the beers, I knew it was going to be a nice evening!

Located off of the strip, this drinking spot looks like it attracts more locals than "others."  This is fine with me since a $4 beer off the strip tastes better than a $12 beer on the strip - especially when you're buying!

Izakaya Go isn't a huge place, but it's not a hole-in-the-wall by any means.  Decorated nicely.  Music was a bit weird but after the third pitcher, the music started sounding all the same.

Food was better-than-good.  We had a few beginner sushi eaters with us and the Uni Shumai was a hit or miss.  Spicy Tuna Rolls, Yakitori, Kim Chee, Tako Yaki, Noodles .. I think we ordered plenty for all to share.  Beer kept coming and the conversation kept flowing.  For a while, you almost forgot that we were in Vegas.  Consensus agreed.

Food and drinks were good.  Service on point.  Plenty of parking.  Highly recommend.

Enjoy!
I love the savory pastries. Hands down, the best on the Danforth between Broadview and Pape. A trio of each with a salad solidifies the first course of a dinner party.
My sandwich was soggy my lettuce was scarce and it was shredded so thin it just made everything wet! a foot long with three thin tomato slices yuck

the pastrami was seasoned well but the bread was so gross that all i ate out of the sandwich was the meat and onions?

just a waste basically
We went with high expectations, and we were not disappointed.  If you are seeking a fabulous and trendy atmosphere, this is the place.  Decor is very chic, and the music playing in the background is just at the right volume.  While this is a large room, Asian screen style dividers give the illusion of many small rooms, almost a maze.  Very cool.

The service was wonderful, however the food was the best part.  We sampled 3 or 4 small plates and the same in entrees.  All were great, but the Duck Salad and the Chilean Sea Bass with honey were our favorites.  We will definitely go back.
We had a great experience with Iron Creations.  Joe was wonderful to work with and really cares about his product.  We love our outdoor furniture that he made for us and it is extremely comfortable! I would recommend Iron Creations to anyone looking for custom outdoor furniture!
My BFF & I stopped in for lunch a couple of weeks ago.  I never expected a full delicatessen and I was quite surprised.  The staff was helpful, the corned beef sandwich was so lean and so tasty, and the potato salad was out of this world.   I've  been dreaming about that stuff for the last two weeks... thats how good it is!  I won't hesitate to return.
After years of frequenting this restaurant at the Desert Inn location where I never had a bad experience, my girlfriend and I opted to try the one in Henderson on Valentine's Day.  Fortunately we arrived before the rush and were promptly seated by a very friendly staff.  We immediately received chips and salsa along with requested water. The menu is nothing short of overwhelming, but in a positive way.  Talk about selection and variety.  Everything sounded good but ultimately we made our selections (one steak entree, one chicken entree) which arrived in a timely manner, despite how busy it was.  Our server was friendly and attentive and they always kept my glass full of water.  Both of us completely finished our plates and the taste of the food was totally wonderful.  Even their tortillas were full of flavor.  Overall we had a truly wonderful dinner with top notch service and the view of the city from inside is spectacular.  Upon our departure, the line for seating was out the door - obviously this is a very popular establishment.  I cannot wait to return.
Average. Not as good as Trevor's kitchen. 
Crispy fois gras is creative but needs more taste. Kale salad tasted like stale dressing. Poor wine choice by the glass. 
Great location and music.
Another great night at City Hall. I love this place. The atmosphere is unparalleled; the lighting, bar scene, music, and the staff all come together with the food and drink to offer a fantastic dining experience. 

The Bone-In Ribeye was one of the best I've ever had. My wife's Filet was cooked perfectly and should wouldn't hesitate to tell you if it wasn't. The sides were good as always and the Butter Cake for dessert was a great ending. 

Our waitress was friendly and polite but she seemed to be rushed. She still got a great tip nonetheless. 

And lastly, this may be weird to mention, but I have to give a shout out to Knoxy in the men's bathroom. He's a 90 something man who's always good for a laugh. 

It's certainly pricey, but the portions and quality are worth it. We'll definitely be back.
I found Pretty in Ink through Yelp. I was researching microblading salons. I had tattooed brows previously and most of the places I was looking at wanted me to have tattoo removal done prior to microblading. Tia responded quickly and asked me to come in to see my brows. She told me what my options were and we set an appt. Tia is very conscience and thorough with her work. She takes the time to explain and answer any questions you have. I went for my follow up and it was the same, no issues, just great results. I highly recommend Tia. 

I've gone to providers and have not done my homework in the past, this was not the case with Tia. She is worth every penny. You get what you pay for, don't be fooled by the cheap options out there, these are your eyebrows and you want to make sure your experience is safe and your results are the best. Tia will make sure  you have both! Book now, because she fills up really fast.
Best French Dip sandwich I ever had. Gf had the Cobb salad and said it was phenomenal. Said the freshest avocado she ever had.
JP'S has been our favorite pancake house since my son was dignosed with a severe gluten allergy.  For the last 3 years we have been loyal patrons and my son has never had an issue.  They were recently bought by new owners and though some great changes have been made decor wise, prices have increased in a ridiculous way!  I can't get out of there under $30 now for my 2 kiddos and I.  Everything is ala carte, eggs, sausage and syrup (if you want real maple).  So sad as it is the closest safe breakfast spot... guess we will be driving out to Jewels for breakfast!
I'm a former goodfellas guy, but after I moved to the creek, driving 30 minutes for a haircut was a little much. I started going to Mugsy's after a recommendation, and I haven't gone anywhere since. Gabriel is one of the best barbers I've ever met, and he just cut my 1-1\/2 year old son's hair like no big deal.  A+ all around.
Went by there today because they advertised "Walk-Ins Welcome".  However, I sat in the waiting area for 15 minutes + and still no one had the courtesy to speak to me or ask the time-honored "how can I help you".  After my attempts to flag someone down failed, I decided to leave.   Way too many barbers in the Charlotte area to waste time on a new one :-)

I cannot comment on their work as it did not get that.
Suresh Raghavendra personally helped me land an amazing scholarship
I don't know what all the hatred is about in everyone's posts. I came in, greeted with great service, order taken, food came out rather quickly. My boyfriend and I both ordered the corned beef hash. Let me tell you, this order came with a side of hash browns and a side of your choice. I got the biscuits and gravy. The portions are very generous, the food was amazing, and our server was awesome. My boyfriend and I can both eat more than one normally should, we could not even finish our plates we were so full. 

We will be returning customers. Highly recommend!
We had a Groupon for lunch at Riccio's. Apparently serving lunch is a recent change for them. - both the Yelp website and Riccio's website show a 5:00 PM opening. As a result the restaurant was nearly deserted. I don't think there were ever more than two tables occupied while we were there. Still the food was good and the portions large. With the small attendance our server gave us a lot of attention, not only doing a server's duties but also visiting with us and exchanging experiences etc. Overall it was a very pleasant
iPhone 5 "completely" shattered. I never thought I would be able to use it again. Joe not only repaired my iPhone but they have the best price in town. It was quick and easy and the results were excellent!! CHECK OUT THIS NEW STORE LOCATED ON BOULDER HIGHWAY!! I will definitely be telling my family and friends!!
In Vegas for a work trip and our group went to Firefly (Not sure if it was this location or the other). Fabulous food- and the mojitos were spectacular.  If you get nothing else, get the stuffed dates- bacon wrapped, smoked almond, redwine reduction and blue cheese. OH MY GOD.... they were amazing and fabulous and rich and wonderful. Everything that I had was really really good. The Padron Peppers are also great- these are some of my favorites. The lamb chops were really great with the sauteed veggies and veggies. Empanandas were smashing as well. It's a great place to go- get off the strip if you go to Vegas and go here.
Tried this yesterday- amazing customer service and the food was sooooo good!! I can't wait to go back!
First off, this place is pretty mediocre. The ambiance is meh. There's no point in going more than once unless you want to hear the exact same playlist over and over again. It's consistently way too empty despite the enormous size of the venue. And a lot of the bartenders don't actually know how much they're supposed to charge for the drinks--one overcharged me and was about to tell me I hadn't paid enough, and was going to ask for more money if the manager hadn't been standing being him digging him in the ribs.
Awesome!
A step or two below Cheesecake Factory. The interior looks more fancy than a Chili's or TGI Fridays. We ate here for lunch over the weekend... I got the sesame chicken stir fry, wife got some sort of salad. The salad didn't have any flavor and was watery. Like they washed the lettuce in the same bowl that it came out in. The sesame chicken was lacking chicken. There were seriously 3 or 4 bites of chicken in the whole thing. The rice and vegetables were decent but I was hoping to actually eat chicken with my chicken dish. The place is kid friendly and my kid liked his quesadilla. His meal included an ice cream sundae in a fried wanton-like shell. So, they get points for that.
During a weekend trip to AZ to visit family we scheduled time to do this so we could check it off my mom's bucket list. It was a success. Mom stated about an hour into the float that she was "pretty sure this is what Heaven is like".  We read a lot of helpful reviews online beforehand, so we were pretty sure we knew what to expect. It was definitely a fun little adventure and we kept a positive attitude and an open mind about the whole experience. We brought sheets to cover and tie around our tubes, we rented an extra tube with bucket to carry our small cooler and misc. items, we brought a small line of rope to hang on to and to keep our tubes together. We brought water shoes (you definitely want shoes...and not flip flops!!!), sunscreen, hats, water, sandwiches etc. There were a lot of people, but not too many...everyone seemed happy and friendly to be sharing the same experience. The famed Marshmallow throwing began at some point. This was a mellow family trip, so we didn't have booze with us, but it was evident that many on the river were partaking in libations. We observed a little bit of drunken behavior, but we weren't really bothered by it...just continued enjoying our float. The scenery and wildlife was breathtaking and the river was safe and relaxing. The fun little rapids were never too wild, just exciting. I was saddened to see  the trash and litter floating by or along the shoreline and I tried to gather up what we could as we floated by. We learned a lot by watching the others on the river and have plans for our next visit to town and what supplies we'll bring to make our trip even better.
Extremely bad service, no one checks on you, it's horrible! Even McDonalds says a hello and have a goodnight. Not to mention, the food is mediocre for the price. 0 stars for this place. Don't do it!
Very good BBQ atmosphere and excellent Sause with meat!
What an adorable place! I've been dying to try it out, and it did not disappoint. Wine prices were typical for a wine bar- would recommend getting a bottle for the best pricing. I tried the white blend by recommendation from our waitress, and it was exactly what I wanted. Their goat cheese stuffed peppadews were delicious and I would go back again just for the stuffed artichokes! Great decor and I've heard the pizzas are amazing. I could sit on the outdoor patio for hours, can't wait to return!
Eco Friend just cleaned on my grout on 500 sq feet of tile in my home. Wonderful service and job !  Also, Luiz is reasonable in his pricing. 
I will definitely tell my friends and use him again.
Auf der suche nach einer Tapasbar in Stuttgart bin ich hier gelandet. Ab vom Mainstream ein guter Tip.
Die Bedienung aufmerksam und schnell. Das Restaurant bietet Platz. für ca. 30 Personen.
Die Einrichtung relativ neu und der Zeit modern angepasst. Zumindest dass, was Tische und Stühle angeht. Gemütlich ist es allemahl.
Das essen war sehr lecker. Hier hatte ich das Gefühl das richtig frisch zubereitet wurde. Die Speisen sind meist mt Olivenöl und Knoblauch abgeschmeckt und haben so den typisch spanischen Geschmack. Ach ja, und gut besucht war es auch.
Wer gegen 20 Uhr am Samstag einen Tisch möchte, sollte lieber reservieren.
Rundum hat mit das Restaurant sehr gut gefallen.
Met up with a friend for lunch here since we both like to try out different restaurants around the Valley. At first impression, you have a fairly nondescript building and a very narrow driveway to the parking in the back.

Do not let that deter you because inside you will find a menu with some pretty phenomenal and high quality food!

To start off, we had hot & sour soup and the egg flower soup.  The carrots and peas in my egg flower soup were so fresh.

For the main entree, I had a Sichuan dish of twice fried pork with various grilled vegetables served with rice.

My lunch partner opted for a vegetarian dish of mushrooms; which I admittedly stole from when she wasn't looking!! It was pretty damn good.

Our server was very helpful in identifying what was in the various dishes and the food was promptly delivered.  I definitely recommend you try this place if you want some authentic Sichuan and\/or Cantonese style cuisine.

To recap, this is definitely a place that you want to try
TERRIBLE! The WORSE service i have ever experienced. Took 10 minutes just to get seated. took another 10-15 minutes before a waitress even talked to us. Took another 15 minutes to get my coke. By then i was very frustrated. After drink came then the waitress had the nerve to tell me she would be back to take my order. Cant even imagine how long that would have taken. Told her we waited long enough and we were leaving. No excuses for that TERRIBLE service. It was after 2 and there were plenty of employees there. Just bad management and the worse service i have ever been a part of. Customer service is NOT their specialty. They acted like we were bothering them. I am Lebanese and just moved to Vegas and when my relatives come to visit, i will NEVER take them to KHOURY'S
I began to go here for pho and rolls because it was close to my house but I was disappointed by the service and the food was mediocre
Service was rude and flirting with customers seems like more of a priority
Awesome wine selection! Stumbled on this place by accident, but so glad I popped in. Cozy, across the street from Great Lakes, and the staff is beyond nice. It was also pretty quiet so we had a chance to enjoy a whole bottle while killing time and no one rushed us out. Highly recommend!
I'm truly a HUGE fan of the Flying Biscuit - but sad to say, this location doesn't hold a candle to the Park Rd locale - just seems inconsistent and the service was adequate at best. Park Rd has better energy and the staff just seem so much more personable - Sorry Rea Rd, I will make the drive to Park Rd from now on - (even if you're closer to home)!
Convenient location. Quick service. Perfect for right before that morning commute to work downtown. 

Superfood+ Strawberry smoothie makes a kick start to the day
Sunset Dental is amazing! I had the pleasure of seeing Dr. Lisa Le and she was absolutely phenomenal. She was very nice and made sure I was comfortable. The Dental Hygienist, Aubrey, was quick and very thorough. The front desk staff was exceptional! Very friendly and enthusiastic, you can tell they actually love their job! Overall the office is clean, neat, and everyone I encountered was pleasant! I would definitely recommend this dental office to anyone I know! They made my dental visit very enjoyable!
What could be better in Arizona in the middle of march then ice cream. Churn is a very cute little shop that has great ice cream has well as candy! It's a kid's dream or big kid's dream in my case. 

The smells waft to the restaurant next door and you can't help but lick your lips and drink your beer faster. That's exactly what you should be doing for fresh homemade ice cream and cones that are perfect for Arizona weather.
This concert was outstanding because JLO is outstanding.  So entertaining but venue and audience not so good.  She danced her heart out and the crowd was such a bore!!! Don't go to a JLo concert if your gonna sit in your seat and fall asleep!!  We had front row and got screamed at several times for standing up and dancing... the venue clearly states patrons are allowed to stand during the show.   This is not O at the bellagio people!!!  Love you JLo had a great time and will go see again
I am so surprised by the low ratings this place has gotten.  I loved it so much I ate there twice in 1 week!  The location of course is just so romantic and gorgeous.  It's not quiet but that's how it supposed to be...I mean you're supposed to be in the middle of St. Mark Square.  Their seafood linguine absolutely blew me away.  I didn't even know that when done well, pasta sauce could taste SOOOO yummy!  The seafood are enormous and generously portioned.  The risotto wasn't very good though, but I don't like creamy white sauce in the 1st place so I'm not sure if I'm an accurate judge on that one.  Overall, fabulous food.  I was amazed at how many Italians were eating there!
We came in about 12am on a Saturday and the place was crowded but not overly full where you couldn't even move. The entrance is awesome and you can grab a plastic lay on the way in! We got mai tais which were strong in a good way. Then we hit the slightly small dance floor but had a blast with a mix of throwbacks and top 40s. There are a few booths if you want to sit and there's a downstairs where the bathrooms and a second bar are which was not crowded at all. The decor screamed tiki bar and we had a blast ending our night here.
i visited the pt's gold on hualapai and russel or maybe sunset sunday the 28th. hardly anybody there, my wife ordered the california wrap, i ordered the 6 dollar tacos, not bad. started playing poker right away and was served a beer. by my third beer we were ready to get out. asked the bartender for my bill, and she proceded to tell me that i had not met the minimum play requirements on poker and brought me my bill for 50.00 dollars and cents. has pt's changed their player requirements?. after reluctantly paying the 50 bucks i called their corporate office and was told of no such policy of minimum play.
they reassured me the regional manager would call me..........still waiting!!!
they have lost my business!!! i wonder if the woman bartender is skimmimg off the top and corporate does not know about it yet???????
how about an investigation and a responce for christ sake.
Not overrated. Not weird that it's not "piping hot." BBQ is smoked all day and as such is warm, not hot. Portions are rather big, prices more than fair, and service excellent. Very nice restaurant too. They should consider putting sauces on the tables instead of what they're currently doing. People expect a bunch of sauces in a sticky caddy on the table and it's a fun part of getting this type of food. Annoying to have to ask--and then ask again when you invariably don't get enough--for everyone involved, probably mostly for the servers. Brisket is fantastic (tried to add 100 emoji but I guess yelp doesn't do emojis). A very good place, as authentic as it gets for a city that doesn't naturally have this culture.
Super delicious ice cream or known as Polarolls! I had the opportunity to try "Love at First Bite" before they were completely sold out of everything and oh man, did I fall in love with the strawberry flavour after the first bite! The Polarolls cost $6.50 plus taxes. Each cup contains about 5-6 rolls along with toppings depending on the ice cream flavour! 

The staff were extremely friendly and welcoming. Love the smiles ladies! 
And to the girls behind Arctic Bites, you girls are amazing and keep up the good work! I wish you girls nothing but more success and happiness to come your way
Basic pants alterations done professionally, ready when promised.  Owner Tanya very pleasant to deal with.  No hesitation recommending this tailoring service.
This place has been very consistent. It's just so delicious! I know it's not cheap but we've been to other restaurants around town and we actually paid more but less satisfied. I think it's worth the money. We love every single food they have. Their uni and oysters are superb.
Best Korean BBQ I've had in Vegas. The meat is well marinated and juicy. We had the Korean Prime Kalbi and it's awesome. We ordered a la carte as we like to have the Kalbi and with 5 type of meat, we came up cheaper than the package they offer. Mainly due to we don't like to have seaweed salad, dumpling and house salad. That's $10 savings there that can go toward the premium meat. We forgot to check in to get the free ice cream. Still regret till now.
We specifically come to eat here whenever we are visiting Phoenix as we live out of town. It is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the country. The enchiladas are absolutely incredible.
Have you tried their weekly, inexpensive, yummy breakfast specials?  $3 Mimosas.  $6 for two eggs, a spicy grilled italian sausage, home fries that had a little kick of something, marble rye and a waitress who kept the hot coffee coming.
Very Unprofessional Reception staff, I called to book and appt. and they told me they had availability that same day at another location   I made the appt. and when I got off the phone and realized the alternate location wasn't in my area so I called the alternate location and cancelled. Then called this location back and they said they had no record of me calling, and they can't book at alternate locations and couldn't book my appointment at this location. We'll, Thank you very much, I clearly see that this isn't the doctor for me.
Yamil and George did a great job cleaning my car today.  Looks like new again!  They did an amazing job on the insides and outside windows along with tires.  I'll definitely be coming back!
Came here on a Saturday night, and waited about 30 mins like everybody else said. Make sure you come early because when it was our turn (about 9pm) many flavours were sold out. I got the Miss Black, and while it wasn't my first choice, I was really impressed! It had a black sesame base and was topped with grass jelly. Creamy and sweet but not overbearing. Definitely a very different take on ice cream, and I personally think it's worth the wait!
3.5 stars. 

Service is a bit discombobulated no big deal, prices are very low and there are tables outside, another plus. 
The Kafta kabob  ($10)- mix of ground lamb, beef, spices- comes w\/ yellow rice, grilled tomato and onion and a side of your choice. Simply excellent! 
4 stars

I got the Humus as a side... it was interesting. It was presented with stripes of Cumin and paprika and a bit of fresh mint floating in a small wading pool of olive oil in the middle of it all. I liked the flavor the unusual garnish gave it but I thought the hummus lacked something ... maybe tehini?
3 stars

My companion had a falafel wrap, it comes with fries. The falafel wrap was very good but the there was no dressing in it. Again tehini may have helped but there's a number of sauces that would have worked. The fries were the standard kind but they were nicely crispy and we ended dipping them into the humus, which worked great.
3 1\/2 stars. 
  
We also tried the Cheese Burek, these were deep fried as opposed to baked, it tasted OK but honestly personally I much prefer the baked phylo kind.  The only bad note was the ice cubes had taste to them, they gave us fresh bottles of water to make up for it.

With Jasmine on the West side of town, Le Shish kabob on the East side and Kabob Je in Matthews, Charlotte certainly has Arabic food well covered.
Good quality but pricey for the amount of food you get. Had to stop at taco bell after I ate here.
I have been going here for about three years now as I was introduced to the spot by a co-worker. Seven Dollar Tuesdays cannot be beat when it comes to a cheap haircut in the city. The majority of the clientele are African Canadian or those of African descent; but I won't call them the hip hop barbershop as I have seen every color (of people) imaginable in the shop at some point and no one felt uncomfortable. I refer this place to everyone, only issue is it keeps adding to my wait time for a haircut... but with 10 barbers all cutting at the same time the lines tend to move along pretty quickly.... To be honest sometimes you're hoping it doesn't as you get to laugh at the antics of some of the barbers or the sometimes asinine barbershop chatter that is taking place... want to debate the better player between Kobe and Jordan, it's the place for you.... Want a damn nice haircut; it's the place for you... With ten Barbers you never know who you're going to get (unless you ask for one specifically), but as I recall I have only left once with a haircut I was not too happy with...
Favorite place to act! I have never felt safer in a theatre. I've experienced all love and support here. They take acting very professional and help you become the best actor you can be. I'm so glad we moved to the new theatre! Such a great space and now we can act like a professional theatre.
No communication here. I called all day to receive my refund check. Corporate office nor the apartment complex could return a call or tell me when I get my refund. This company STOLE my money. It took me to get an Attorney on the phone before I got any answers. DO NOT RENT FROM THIS PLACE. The staff is nice yes complex is nice. But once you get in here I feel sorry for you. STAY AWAY TENANTS.

In response "Ashley" yes you did say I was getting a refund. And I still haven't received it. 3\/6\/16 9:18 am. But all this was said after I posted this review. And the train of emails is 2. And for the record I recollect EVERYTHING and I have an attorney behind me. Which your attorney has not returned my attorney's calls. Your corporate office don't return calls. Your SUPERVISOR doesn't return calls. Your supervisors assistant doesn't return calls. No matter how hard you try putting a Tiffany Bow on your head. Your still dead wrong about your actions, JUDGEMENT, are. You'll always be wrong.
Bonefish grill is a perfect place to go for a drink and some really good food.  The booths are comfy and the lighting is dampened but not too dark.  They offer a good variety of wines and mixed drinks as well as beers.

The salads are fresh and have a great citrusy dressing.  The calamari and shrimp appetizers are really big and so good!  The grilled fish is fresh and comes with your choice of sauces (I stick with the traditional lemon butter).  And even though the restaurant caters to seafood lovers, it offers a good variety of non-fishy options including steaks, chicken, and pasta.  Everything I've tried has been excellent.  The best part: the creme brulee and key lime pie.  Really, same some room because both desserts are incredible!
Heard about this shop before and finally came in. And absolutely loved it! The energy in there was so peaceful and calming. The workers there were the nicest and very informative. I especially appreciate Tifanny's work ethic. She was helpful and just so kind. She explained the stones on the jewelry and also told me what my planetary stone was which I loved learning about. I wish I would've gotten the other girls name that helped me smudge my stones, but she was also very kind and informative. I'm overall content with my experience and also my purchases. Will definitely be going back! Thank you girls for everything.
Tasty bowls of delights!

But I have to agree with an earlier comment that the prices ARE a bit high. On the plus side, though, they do offer free birthday bowls which I took advantage of. Today is my birthday so we didn't have to pay for a Regular bowl which is normally priced at $11.49.

Hubby chose a Large bowl which was $14.49. Prices are subject to tax, of course. If not for the birthday discount, the price would have been $25.98 plus tax. Since the bowls are rather on the small side, I would have to agree with reviewer Chris V. who posted about 5 months ago.

The other Mongolian grill we've been to was in Utah and we don't remember paying as much -- even with paying for 2 bowls -- and they were good too, taste-wise.

Genghis Grill has a self-serve soda service which is separate from the bowl price.

All in all, we had a delicious and filling meal which rounded the day off to a beautiful ending.
Beware! This place has changed owners and names. Now called placidity spa although the website and phone number do not alert you to this.  Completely unprofessional , never even asked my health history prior to the massage, horrible horrible technique in fact painful, I have massages at least 3 times a month for a neck injury and by far this was the worst . I'm pretty sure it's now just a massage parlour...with no RMT in site. I asked for an RMT receipt and the name printed on it didn't even match who did my massage 
It's a shame , it used to be managed by amazing RMTs who were very good
My review is obviously biased because we are family!  If you want an amazing selection of cheese and other local goodies, with people who are super passionate and knowledgeable, then you need look no further.  Always fun samples, plus I was really impressed by the vibe.  I wanted to linger over my cheese board.  Unfortunately my 3 year old kept trying to run behind the counter.  Still had a great time and loved our selections. ;)
Highly recommend them for a pre or post dinner stop!  Cant wait to fill out our cheese passport!!
The food is average, but the service is outstanding. The country fried steak is great, but the sausage gravy is so so. The corned beef hash was fresh made, but not the style I like. 

The portions are very big. Good value.
Pei Wie out of this world. Chop Chicken Salad....best!
Dr Sauter and his staff is the best. Been coming here and seeing APRN Luellen Greenlick who was great. However my fibroid and issues didn't get better so dr Sauter took care of me. The office and the nurses are amazing. My hysterectomy went smoothly and I can't say enough praises about this office!
This food is OFF THE HOOOOK!  I came in to an empty restaurant during lunchtime.  I was concerned it was empty, but right away the guys who were working were so sweet and welcoming, even asked me if I have any song requests!  I ordered the spicy fried fish, red beans and rice  and garlic bread with a lemonade.  The fish was perfectly cooked, flaky and juicy with a thin crispy coating and a nice sweet heat on the spice.  Can't wait to come back and try more!  Please support this amazing local place :-)
Finally made it to the Cedars for dinner and it was as excellent as prior reviews indicate. We tried nearly everything - falafel, baba, kibbe, kafta, gyro, baklava, and salads - and loved it all. The baba may be the best we've ever had!

We'll be back soon, and for sure for the M-F lunch buffet ASAP!

BTW, the owner and waitress were friendly and wonderful!

And one suggestion: offer whole wheat pita and you'll get 5.5 stars!
First time in Pittsburgh and we were told to check out Lawrenceville. Came here based on the reviews on Yelp and I was very disappointed. There is indoor and outdoor seating with a nice patio if you are into that. The music is super loud outside and would be hard to have a conversation outside. Indoors, the music was not horribly loud, but the playlist consisted of punk rock and just random songs that you wouldn't really expect for an asian fusion restaurant (probably could make a music video in here though).

Food wise, pretty disappointed. I had the Chicken Tom Kah which comes with egg noodles, coconut milk, lemograss, bok choy etc. The bowls they come in are shaped such that the sauce pools at the bottom of the bowl and makes it hard for you to taste the flavor in the noodles. My dish was essentially noodles, bok choy and a small piece of chicken. The sauce itself is watered down and you really can't taste the coconut in it. My girlfriend had the drunken noodles and she had the same problem with the pooling of the sauce and said it was ridiculously salty... not trusting her, i tried it and yup, it was like eating a spoonful of mortons salt... i guess you get your iodine for the day. Overall, not a fan of this place. For the price and hype built around it, this place does not do fusion well at all and you'd be better served checking out a different asian place. Service is quick and our waitress was nice.
Drove 20 minutes here to look at 2 used cars i saw online. First of all horribly slow service, then the sales guy "didn't know" the price of the cars. disappeared inside to find out for a length of time. Both cars were overpriced compared to comparable online cars at Carmax. After negotiating back and forth on one of the cars and several bait and switch discussions with the sales guy and apparently his manager the sales guy committed to the amount I had proposed for both cars.  So after test driving the car I sat down to start the paperwork. The sales guy disappeared and his boss reappeared to tell me the best price he could give me for the car which was significantly more than what the sales guy had agreed to. Total waste of my time!!!!!  I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Update after vet visit! My boy had bite marks all over his upper back! ! On top of the bloody diarrhea, we hadn't noticed the injury until my husband went to scratch his back and he screamed in pain. I looked under his fur and saw dried blood and signs of infection. Took him immediately to emergency clinic and when they shaved his upper back, he had multiple bite marks! He'd been repeatedly bitten in the same area. He is now recovering on antibiotics for both! Oh, by the way he lost two pounds in 12 days! My little girl also lost two pounds! Terrible first experience for boarding my beloved dogs. Think I'm going to stick with in home pet sitters.....at least they can't evade blame.
My husband is a big fan of the churrascaria style restaurant, so had been chomping at the bit to try out Texas de Brazil. We went to celebrate his birthday on 5\/7. Overall our experience was a very good one. 

We used open table to make reservations, and were seated promptly after arriving. Our server was knowledgeable and very helpful. She anticipated our needs before we had them. The food was really great! My husband loved the variety of different meats, and felt they were cooked to perfection, seasoned well and very tender. I enjoyed the salad bar, which is way more than a salad bar. There were over 50 items, many of them hot items and oh, so tasty! Items of note were lobster bisque, potatoes au gratin and feijoada. Our server brought Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Sweet Fried Bananas and Brazilian Cheese Bread to the table. We splurged on desserts (Brazilian cheesecake & chocolate mousse cake), and also enjoyed trying the brazilians beers and cocktails. My fave was the vodka version of "The Caipirinha"! Pure awesomeness, very fresh and fruity! 

The atmosphere was great -- bright colors, zippy music and gorgeous flowers. We'll be back, for sure, but only for a special treat because it is a LOT of food.
Just enjoyed a late lunch with my three children. Although they ordered off of the kids menu are excellent server saw that they were "older "children and brought their peach tea in regular size glasses. Our server was on top of it from start to finish and was one step ahead on everything. Food was delicious, excellent size portions for the kids. We sat against the east wall and I felt like the tables were a little bit too close to each other, but other than that another great meal at the OG!
A week ago was the first time I've ever eaten at Oregano's Pizza Bistro. It was so good that I came back 3 days later... on a business lunch of course.

The environment is somewhat noisy when this place gets busy but it is also somewhat cozy. Italian items line the walls and the theme is well done.

The customer service was great, at lunch time and during busy dinner hours. The wait time for food wasn't too bad, maybe 20 minutes, but when the food comes out, it's all worth it.

The food is just so good. Not much else to say about it. I tried the thin crust meat pizza and it was very good. The second time I went I tried the Baked Pasta in a bread bowl. I could only eat half because there was so much food.

Great place to eat. Call ahead and check the wait times though, they get busy at night.
I like this place. Food was good and so was service. We ordered pork dish and salmon dish, we all enjoyed it. Also artichoke dip was great :)
I felt bad that they only had 1 star so I decided to review. I have gone here twice now to pick up and drop off but my experience wasn't like the other reviewer. I actually didn't have to wait more than 10 minutes. (I went at 4:00 one day and 10am the next.) This may be different for other cases but they were prompt and easy when I went. Also, parking is so hard to come by in that area that I appreciate them having a parking lot in the alley.
Very good place.  50's Diner theme.  And a 20oz hamburger that if you eat the whole thing you get your picture on the wall.  Over 300,000 shake combinations!  There are salads, chicken and vegie burgers availble if you like.  

Service has always been very good.  

I will be back!
The customer service at this shop is amazing. Unfortunately for me, I've had a lot of car issues lately. However fortunately, Litchfield Auto has taken care of all my car issues. I drive a 2004 VW Passat. It's got almost 140,000 miles, so it requires a lot of maintenance. Plus it's a German car, so I cringe every time I have to take it in. Tamara and Phil are great though, as well as anyone else in the garage that has worked on my car. I would recommend them to anyone!
Live around the corner from this joint, and I finally tried it this evening. We ordered just one portion, orange chicken and fried rice, as my husband said he wasn't hungry. First off, the portion size was HUGE! My husband became hungry as soon as I started eating (typical...) and together we still barely managed to finish it. Tasty and quite fresh. By far the best Chinese takeout we've had in Edinburgh.
Fantastic food and attentive service. Burger was phenomenal. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant!!!
I've eaten here multiple times and have never been super impressed. Even so, I always hoped that it was just an "off night" and have kept it on the table as a local, quick dinner option. I'm coming to the conclusion that I may just have to stick with beer and cocktails here :\/  

Besides the food, it's always a good option for grabbing drinks with friends on the weekends.
We stopped in here on Sunday evening. It was a quiet time to be in here.
The two ladies working the bar were so nice and genuinely friendly. We tried the pork street tacos. They were so good!  We were told that they are opened for brunch as well on the weekends. Don't let the area of location fool you. It's a unique experience.....we will return!
The restaurant came to me via a recommendation. I ordered the goat Mutton Dum Biryani, which was basically just bones and rice. Tasted good but not the protein I was hoping for. I also wish they would include utensils and napkins in the take-out.
Was charged up front for my MRI over $450.00 when it should have been a $100 copay.
My insurance refiled the claim over 5 weeks ago and I get the run around from Simon Med and have been told my refund would be paid once the insurance paid, which they did over a month ago.  Terrible customer service. This is a lot of money I am owed.  Will never use them again.
Amazing food. 

We went her for an early dinner last Friday based simply because it was the first result on OpenTable when I was in a pinch to pick a place while on the phone. Boy did we get lucky. Bardot is great.

The bread and salted butter are to die for. I could have these for every meal and die happy (and 400 pounds).

To start i enjoyed the beef tartare which was killer. the potato chips that they provide to put the tartare on were the perfect complement to the nicely seasoned combination of quail egg and beef. Definitely amongst the best raw beef dishes I've ever had, if not the best -- and I love raw beef.

I followed this up with the Loup-de-mare which was fantastic. The fennel combined with the fish made for a perfectly balanced flavor profile and texture with each bite. I loved this so much I finished it in about 5 minutes...well before anyone else finished their meals....I just couldn't control myself.

I highly recommend Bardot and can't wait to come back and try more of the menu...now if Michael Mina would just open a restaurant in Los Angeles proper - Dana Point and Glendale aren't Los Angeles, if they were they wouldn't be in other cities.
My FAVORITE pizza in Charlotte! If they ever have the chorizo and fried onion pizza on special, definitely try it! Can't go wrong with a simple pepperoni slice though. Worth a drop in if you're around.
The ice cream machine had JUST broken down when we got there for shakes. Not to mention other times I've been here and they have gotten my order wrong after waiting 20 minutes for it. I'm so fed up with this place.
Service - 2 stars
Food - 3 stars

We've had a very good experience at Carmen and a not so great one. It's a great atmosphere, but VERY loud. Opt to go when the patio is open and you'll have a nicer time. We went last night and for some reason the servers thought it would be a good idea to squeeze between my chair and the person sitting behind me repeatedly. This resulted in having someone's rear end rub the back of my head, and my chair bumped every 5 minutes all evening. Make a clear path for your servers!! It really ruined my evening. 

The service was strange. She brought our bottle of wine and glasses and then just set the wine bottle down, unopened, and disappeared for 5 minutes. We all just sat there looking at each other like, hmmmm, do we just open it and serve ourselves?? Eventually she came back. It was weird. And the strange absences continued throughout the evening. We were pretty frustrated by the time we left. Also, the chef winked at my friend as we were sitting down in a kind of icky way. It was a bit sleazy. 

The food is all fairly good. I would say nothing blew our minds but it was all good and enjoyable. A couple of the dishes had WAY too much salt. But it may have been the person cooking last night because this was not our experience the last time. They got rid of two of our favorite dishes, so we were missing those this time around. 

They also have a good wine list with some interesting options that you don't see anywhere else. 

I would go back in the summer and sit outside. And maybe not make it a destination for when friends are in town. More of a good place to grab a snack and a drink.
What to try?

Their black crustedpizza. Made out of charcoal and other vegan ingredients, the black crust is actually not as heavy (filling) as it is for regular crust (flour crust). It's light and thin which I really liked. Made with fresh ingredients on top, I thought it gave a nice kick with the hot toppings they added to the pizza - Diavola. If you're into spicy foods, then this is the pizza you have to try. Not only is the pizza hot already, you can add more hotness to the pizza with their spicy olive oil they have in house. 

When you walk in, there's a long communal table so you can opt to sit there and socialize with other random pizza lovers or you can also opt to sit by the window if you want more privacy and appreciate watching people walk by on king street. Pizza doesn't take long to make and is freshly made from scratch so worth the bite here!

Last tip?

Remember to ask for their olive oils (whether it be spicy or not) to add to your pizza or as a dipping sauce for the final bite of the crust!
Went to a private event here. Service was amazing! Hilary was very attentive and made sure everything went smoothly. We received top notch service and the food and drinks were delicious. I look forward to returning again!
Best Margaritas ever. Really fresh ingredients. The guacamole and chips were really fresh. Only warning I will give is that the food is spicier than expected. Good thing I love spicy.
I came here for my state inspection.  The guy that helped me out (I think it was Eddie --the boss) dropped me off at home and adjusted my E-brake, fixed a fog lamp, and checked out my master cylinder without any additional charges. 

This seems like a pretty damn good place to take your car.  

I will give them 5 stars if the next experience is just as good.  For more reviews check out google.
I would give them no stars if I could. I had a patio full of donations out and labeled. When I called them about the donations not being picked up they said they had me on recording cancelling. What a blatant lie.  Done donating to them.
I have two cars and a truck. I alway get my tires here . They have my records in the computer and can suggest the make of the tires I need or want. I like that they ask what kind of driving I will be doing. They know how many miles I got on the set they are replacing. 
I always call ahead so I have an appointment time so I don't have to wait around too long. 
You can opt to pay for a warranty where you get a replacement if you get a flat. I don't get that. I don't get many flats.
The tires come with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires. 
I stop in from time to time and they correct the air pressure for free.
There are chairs, coffee, and magazines if you want
 There is a restaurant right next door to get a drink while waiting . There is a babies r us and a Home Depo right behind the store too so I never have to just sit and wait
I was so disappointed in the Greek salad, I didn't even eat more than a few bites. To say the dressing saturated it, would be an understatement. Also, someone went way to crazy on the olives. After eating some, I counted 25 more whole Greek olives. Between that and the soppy lettuce, I was bummed. Waste of money this time.
The only reason that I have it more than 1 star, is for their amazing cappuccinos.
I'm only giving them 2 starts because if you're not a cowboy, you won't be welcomed. The food gets 5 stars, but after our experience I believe there exists racial discrimination from the wait staff towards the customer. And that does not bode well for an overall dining experience. IF I eat there again, I'll order take out.
Kohls is my favorite!!! I love this store because its very clean, and organized! Theres always awesome clearance sections. I always seem to go in with a plan, and leave with half the store!! Customer service could be a little bit better, but overall great prices, great selections, and awesome style!
I would not come here for a burger. Really you might say. The Kobe burger which I was really looking forward to medium rare came med well. Sent it back . I sat and waited while my husband finished his burger. When it came It was pink but not juicy and not flavorful and not big , totally not worth it!  I tasted my husband 's angus burger for $8 less was more tasty. Fries were ok. Go to Ri Ra also in the Mandalay Bay. The have house ground burgers , my bad I thought that the burger bar was house ground.
Always anxious to try another recipe for fried chicken. I would say that this recipe is excellent.  I ordered the two white meat combo. That means you get a chicken wing and a chicken breast served with shoestring fries and a cup of their coleslaw.  A beverage is not included in the price of the combo which is a $2.50 add-on so for a meal and beverage you expect to pay about $16. You are given a buzzer while your meal is being prepared. The beverage bar is pretty simple and I tried their sweet tea which was sweetened with honey which could be an odd taste for those who are used to sugar cane sweet tea. The wait for the food was about 15 minutes and since it was fresh it's worth the wait. The chicken indeed is good. It has a matzo crust with very aggressive seasoning. That means it could be a little Snappy spice. The chicken was very moist as if it was brined before cooking.  The french fries were seasoned well and crispy. The coleslaw is a deli style not a kfc creamy kind. A word to the diet conscious person definitely loaded with sodium so watch out. You could blow your head off with too many of these delicious morsels.  The bathrooms were kind of clean in some of the tables had food on them. They have painted white benches as booths but yet it looks like they're dirty it could be a wrong choice to paint a bench white with feet marks you get a sense you're sitting on a dirty seat. They have a variety of sauces for the chicken and fries which are excellent. Maybe I missed it but all they need is to come up with some waffles with that chicken. I would go back for sure and would have to be conscious of what pieces I chose because of so much salt. The associates are very nice and efficient for a Sunday afternoon. Try it you might like it but Popeyes is cheaper and I think you get more for the dollar but it is something different to try.
started here recently. the trainers have been wonderful, friendly but motivating. the classes are circuit style and a great work out. highly recommend it.  the only thing is, i do feel it is a bit over priced but most of these kind of classes are...
Awesome service. Honestly get off the strip and try this place. Great service and good recommendations. Huge assortment of sushi and when we were stuffed they gave us mochi instead of our remaining apps.  Will return when in Vegas again.
We went there for the first time and I felt an unwelcoming feeling when we opened the door.  Yup, my feeling was right. There were a lot of tables opened but they denied us. They even not offered later time and not patio table that were opened. They shutdown us. Because I am minority that I felt. Never ever try back this restaurant again!! This is the first time the restaurant I received denied to eat. They are discriminated against minority people!! Shame on you!! I even don't want to leave any star.
Jus' Marie always does a great job on my  hair. She is professional, offers great styling tips and is accommodating to our schedule. 
I am always pleased with the results and feel and look amazing after she does my hair.
Having just reviews Spin Dessert Cafe - Scarborough, I thought I'd also review this location. Been here a few times, and my experiences were decent. The desserts are good, better than Cafe Demetre if you ask me. 

But I have some issues with this location. First of all it is way too busy whenever I go in. For me this is a problem because I hate waiting (but will patiently wait my turn when I have to), and I hate bad (or non-existent) service. When it is busy, the service is slower - which makes sense but I don't like it. Don't get me wrong though, the wait staff is great and always cheerful. I just cannot deal with slow service. Maybe they need to have more wait staff on hand during busy times.

For a franchise, this Spin location is very different from it's Scarborough brethren. They feel like different places, though decor is uniform, the vibe is different. This location has more of a Cafe Demetre feel because its so big and has such high consumer traffic.

Personally I prefer the Scarborough location but you will not be disappointed by this Spin location. Great for large groups, just make sure you make your reservations early.
This team is organized, show up on time and even a following up text! Team did an amazing job with very reasonable price too, will defly recommend to everyone.
My boyfriend and I went to Yasu Sushi Bistro on a co-worker's recommendation. Needless to say we were extremely impressed. The sushi is fresh and flavorful, the decor clean and tasteful, and the server we had was extremely knowledgeable about every item on the menu. We asked him for suggestions, and we were thoroughly impressed with everything he recommended. Yasu, the genius who comes up with the menu items, is himself behind the sushi bar preparing the wonderful delights that pleasure your palate. 

Try the pistachio salmon - raw salmon, rolled up and drizzled with hot chili oil, Japanese mayonnaise, and garnished with a delicate Japanese mint leaf, and topped with a pistachio. The flavors mingle and develop in perfect harmony in your mouth. 

Pork belly in steam buns were amazing, as they are wrapped taco-style in a soft, delicious, Chinese steam bun wrap. If you like bacon, you'll love pork belly. 

I can't get enough of this place. I actually want to try everything on the menu. This is hands-down the best sushi I have ever had, and I have eaten a lot of sushi in my lifetime so far.
Every little thing helps hungry people and the homeless. The helping café deals greatly about those issues. The food there it is terrific and the Starbucks coffee is matched only in a Starbucks store. Personal service by the employees and the helpings café is much better than most other food service cafés.I highly recommend this little café to be a regular patron again and again.
I came here to support our friends' grand opening... But sorry. Probably never staying here again. Sbe should just stick to night life clubs. Not hotels. My room's tv didn't work, the light just kept blinking on and off on it's own, my room key randomly stopped working so I'm in line to get it working. It's a cool concept but average execution. Even the design of the hotel is pretty tacky. Disappointed to see SLS do so poorly when the one in LA is so hip and cool. I will be continuing to stay at the Wynn and Encore where I know I'm promised to get the best of Vegas. 

Ps. How come my room is never cleaned? The cleaning staff left their clean sheet behind next to the bed. Terrible. 

Word of advice to SLS- train your staff, get your technical difficulties figured out before you let people stay and get rid of the hideous plaid suits you make your staff wear.
We had lobster pho (MP was $49.99) and Oxtail pho with ice viet coffee. soup base is good, except the 1.5lb lobster was abit expensive. if you dont mind the $$$, you would enjoy the lobster pho. I would go back again for oxtail pho. Nice atmosphere.
it was my 2nd night in las vegas and i have already had 2 great meals...dim sum for lunch and restaurant charlie (palazzo) the night before...i was crossing my fingers and hoped that my good luck continued...and it did...from the decor, to the service, and especially the food...excellent...

upstairs wine tasting room
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=VwYZgUptInNaHaJ-Ceryow

candle holder designed by stanlee gatti
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=gLdCnZ5OjDwJ0hdlgPCYDQ

random shot of the ladie's restroom sitting area
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=NAngl1yw7rPwfbHxM5V9sA

champagne coctail
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=Fk1AfWdbpVKPl38xD7uvig

rosemary focaccia
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=G4GL0jyBuHcI0FZ5sD_hSQ

amuse bouche: lobster tempura, warm potato salad with crème fraîche
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=VBNxfNxX-TbNzP2K5jDXBA

truffled onion soup: braised duck crêpe, red onion purée, black truffle:  a creamy onion soup...one of my favs of the night...beware:  it is effin' HOT
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=IAiX93Y7-vaJ6YNM6yhD1Q

ahi tartare: shaved fennel, finger ponzu, fennel seed tuile:  light, refreshing, and crisp...yummissimo
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=vlg7FfuY-StoXPLWk_yGxA

braised veal and yukon gold potato ravioli: sunchokes, english peas and pea shoots:  very good, but not enough veal
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=CAwJKErHRqfKCu7jVJuc3A

prime filet mignon: baby spinach, wild mushrooms, baby carrots, red wine reduction:  cooked perfectly to medium rare
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=4lHMUG0Ing2fmKR08MlibA

stout braised beef short ribs: root vegetable puree, whole grain mustard, cornichons:  nada especial...
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=UqNb1qoYMHV65_3E_kbMpQ

citrus glazed monkfish filet:  clams, mussels, chorizo, young broccoli florets:   again, not that special
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=S7EZHbmL2Ih_cBoIeByF1A

chocolate soufflé expresso ice cream
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=RzS9ZCcJbFHdvvuPH3wXmA

bailey's ice cream, dark molten chocolate cake with roasted bananas, and peanut butter shake
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=Au5WV9JVjtAEq49udMkixw

petit fours:
house made marshmallow,cocoa dusted almonds, canelé de bordeaux, nougat, pomegranate pâtes de fruits
http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=XzMol4FCBhzpjYBDSGFPAQ

i only gave 4 stars bc i wasn't too impressed with our main course...the braised short ribs and the monkfish...the desserts were very good, but a little too rich...loved the petit fours...especially the pomegranate pâtes de fruits...mmm

definite las vegas top 10!
Not a cadillac place"

I see there is an online deal for this place. I was tempted to purchase that deal because this studio is so close to my home. Then I remembered how I emailed the studio a few months ago to set up sessions. I received one email from the owner but the conversation ended there - Mira Pilates didn't respond to any of my follow-up questions seeking specific dates and times. I was even willing\/wishing to pay for private or semi-private sessions! They lost my business then and I can't bring myself to try again, even with the seemingly good online deal. Beware.
Awesome staff!! They were so nice and full of personality. Every time I go here I get the same thing: a pizza with no cheese, no meat, and loaded with veggies. A little weird but they were very courteous to my veganism and even washed the pizza cutter before slicing my pizza. So nice!
Von zahlreichen anderen Sushi-Lokals gebrandmarkt (nicht in Stuttgart), habe ich heute beim Besuch in Stutgart das QQ Sushi ausprobiert.


 1. Ambiente gut
2. Bedienung sehr freundlich
3. Preis fast unschlagbar. So viel Fisch bekommst zu dem Preis nirgends.
4. Qualität vom Fisch eigentlich ganz ok
5. Rollen und Nigiri bestehen keineswegs primär aus Reis. Soviel Fisch mache ich, wenn ich Sushi daheim mache, auch drauf
6. Qualität vom Reis - akzeptabel. Er müsste etwas mehr gewürzt werden, aber auch finde ich sollte er etwas "pappiger" sein.


 Im Groß und Ganzen - ich werde und würde jederzeit gerne hingehen.
Brian was helpful and not pushy but delivery was a nightmare. Had to wait for a call somewhere between 7am and 10am for delivery that day. Delivery then set for 1330. To 330. 4:00 came and went with no call or refrigerator. Called delivery man. No answer. Called Spencer's  and they couldn't get ahold of delivery man either. Delivered at 530 with two scratches. Refrigerator refused. They promised a new refrigerator next day. Late the next morning told other refrigerator also damaged. We  were offered a different refrigerator we didn't like, a small discount to take damaged unit. We cancelled the transaction. Won't use Spencer's again. Too bad. I like to buy local
Always great service!  Love the lattes, teas, and the biscotti.  I continue to enjoy a stop here weekly.  The location is very convenient for my work commute.
I'm sure you could get a great haircut here if you have the whole day to sit and wait. Way more conversation going on then actual hair cutting. 45 mins of sitting there and only one person got done. AINT NO BODY GOT TIME FOR THAT!
Finally popped into this place after months of walking past it. The outside is very uninspiring looking store that's sparsely decorated, but on my first venture inside I realized they have a whack of awesome stuff in here. A lot of naturally sourced products, at decent prices. 

The sales person was really knowledgeable about everything they sold, but came off a little bit on the lectury (sp?) side. Overall, nifty place. Would definitely visit again. Not a whole lot of places like this in the city.
Three words: Chicken Chopped Salad.

I could eat this salad everyday for the rest of my life. Absolutely delicious. The turkey burger is also just as great.

I can't wait to come back & try more dishes as well as the juices!
We were supposed to stay at the Linq but got talked into trying the new SLS. It's nice overall as far as the decor, but the rooms are small.  We also had to call housekeeping after our room wasn't serviced for 2 days :(  Then when it finally was cleaned, we had a gift card on the dresser that 'disappeared'.  It was frustrating to not have WiFi in the rooms as well. The best part of our stay was the restaurants.  Umami burger and the Griddle were great.
I have used Second Home 3 times now for my dogs. Other thing that impresses me the most is how deeply this place cares for animals. I have been very pleased with the services -- my Chesapeake Bay Retriever absolutely loves the water play! 

The owners have Hyatt Hotel experience and it shows. This is truly a resort for pets and the cost is only a little more than the well known retail pet hotel, with far more amenities and better service. 

 I'm very comfortable recommending Second Home.
Fantastic work.Saltillo tile patio is about 5 years old,and looked a bit nasty.Hank and his crew,got it looking like brand new!! If you have any stone work,that needs restoring,CALL HANK!
Awesome food and great atmosphere!!!! Check this place out when you're in Vegas and wants something out of the strip! Great job!
Had such a fun time at Pancho's - it really makes you feel like you're in a Mexican hacienda! Their margaritas are delicious and the mango and chicken salad was my fave!! Looking forward to checking out Ladies' Night!
Really good and filling ... cute and very fast. They cook stuff fresh. It's not that expensive which is good. There swarms very good there yoo
If you want the essence of a burger, this is the place you're looking for!!!! This is a mouth-watering restaurant that makes awesome burgers for a really reasonable price. Their meat is the best when it's medium rare!!! Fries are homemade! Free refills! You can also customize your own burger! Add anything you'd like to have in your burger! Simply delicious! Best place for a burger!!!!!
This place is amazing.  Everything I have ever had has been delicious, and the portions are huge!  The prices are great as well.  Big fan of the nachos and Bumbleberry beer.
Sadly there isn't a 1\/2 star option.  Poor service again... Bland food and children sticking fingers in the salsa bar.., sadly ... We will not be returning.  3 strikes and Your out..,,
I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, check out the competition down the street. The girls are fine, it's the manager, I bought a package, and I have never felt  more uncomfortable in my life.  The manager was all about getting you in the chair and out.  This is literally what happened, I was sitting in the chair getting my hair done, she was behind me ticked off as ever, as I sat in the chair, upset that my hair was taking longer.  I saw her in the mirror having a fit, literally...I will not go back, funny thing, I called to complain to the owner and I got her on the phone.....I haven't used the entire package, don't want to go back that's how bad it was.   I'm going to another salon, I'm now going to their competition, down off of Frank Floyd Wright.., awesome customer service, warm friendly.  Too bad that a package purchase means nothing to this place....I feel sorry for the girls working there, that they have to put up with this women, I don't know how they can relax and do there job with someone managing like this....Funny before entering the door I was telling my husband that I wanted a gift certificate for my birthday, upon walking out I was almost in tears, swearing to never go back....
I have nothing bad to day about this place. The service was very prompt and they made sure my glass was always full. The food was great I had the prime rib and it was amazing.  The wine selection by the glass was limiting the calamari and carpaccio was amazing.  
The salad was good.  Some of the clientele was a bit snooty but well cheap entertainment. There were lots of little kids in the place. Some of them were terable anf crying.  Leave your crying kids at home or take em to chucky cheese
I'm enjoying a very very good hot lavender soy latte at the moment. Great seating inside and out. Staff are prompt, knowledgable, and professional
I had been eyeing this place ever since it opened, thinking that when i finally do go I'd be blown away.  Boy was I wrong. The food was great, but the mood was...leaving something to be desired. In fact, I had more fun in the women's bathroom (which provided orange listerine, powder soap, lotions, and body mist.). If I can give one tip it would be to after 3 ish, they dim the lights and you can actually escape the brightness and rush of the mall.  and try the meatballs!
We were married July 6, 2013 and our cake was made by La Dolce Pesca. My husband is a cake and cupcake fanatic and I'm very picky about my buttercream, so it goes without saying that we were hard to please when it came to a wedding cake. We tasted so many cakes at other places and nothing was as delicious as the cake and frosting from La Dolce Pesca.  We were lucky enough to order our cake from La Dolce Pesca and PJ, the owner, met with us to taste cake and discuss flavors and appearance.  Our wedding cake was delicious and it looked just as beautiful as we had imagined.  L a Dolce Pesca made our cake dreams come true! We highly recommend La Dolce Pesca for all of your cake desires!
Better than the Guam foods I've tried in SD!
Best kind of spam musubi... has a little kick to it.
Ribs cooked perfectly, especially with the delicious red rice and cucumber salad!
Shrimp kelaguen was good! Not too spicy, but had the zest.
Coconut titiyas made fresh and melted in your mouth.

While I waited for my order, I talked with the owner Uncle Frank- very friendly and hardworking. 
Food and people are the reasons I'd definitely go back!

Also, don't forget to grab some pickled papaya and a can of Mr. Brown on your way out!
What an absolute delight!  I've never thought much about eating local - it never really affected my food decisions.  My opinion has definitely changed now.  You can taste the difference.  The best part about Farmhouse Tavern is that they focus their menu based on what is in season, so you get delicious and inspired cooking.

I ordered the lamb dish and the trout ceviche.  The trout was so bright and delicious and the serving was extremely generous.  I could have eaten that all night.  The lamb was so moist, it melted as I ate it.  I can't wait until my next visit.

Bonus points are given because the chef so kindly accommodated my vegetarian and vegan friends with off menu items.  Thank you for making a memorable night for me and all my friends.
Great food and service. I highly recommend this Restaurant. The Spicy Shrimp was incredible.
Sometimes convenience wins out, I like that they don't have a loyalty card.  I can't stand stores that make me sign up to get the "sale price".  Just price things the right way from the beginning.  

I'll never be a fan but if I need something extremely bland and generic, I'll probably stop here.
We had dinner there last evening, 1\/22\/14.  Service was very good from our server who was from Sicily .  Food...not so much, although the spinach salad with goat cheese was excellent.  Having just returned from Italy, we were hungry for more of what we experienced in dining.  We had gnocchi with a walnut sauce that was horrid and inedible gray sauce with potato lumps pretending to be gnocchi.  The Orecchietta w\/sausage, pasta was tough and not cooked properly and the red sauce which was suppose to be a pepperoncino spicy sauce appeared to be the bland drain off a can of tomato sauce.
We did not stay for dessert.
Tried this place yesterday with an intense Salad craving. I got the strawberry and sweet potato salad and it was perfection. If my review was based on that alone it would be five stars. The rest of my order is where things got messy. Or rather dry. My wife and sister both ordered wraps and ordered them with the dressing on the side. Now I could understand messing up the order and tossing with dressing I guess but a fast food restaurant that specializes in salads basically serves 2 functions. 1) Make salad. 2) dress salad. Now I would understand if someone ordered a wrap or salad without dressing, I'm sure that's a thing but in this case we did not. It's definitely not the most convenient location unless you live in the neighborhood but I do not so by the time I made it home and noticed it was too late. Alas these wraps were to be enjoyed with store bought generic dressing on an otherwise perfect tornado of fresh veggie goodness. Shame really. I'll probably give it one more shot... Maybe?
Nice enough place for a bite to eat before heading across the street for comedy.

Food was decent, service was fine... nothing outstanding or poor. A-OK.
Great place for pizza. Love the buffalo wings! Definitely visit the place again if I am in Vegas.
While most people in the store were friendly and helpful when questions were asked. The experience took a quick nose dive upon check out. It appeared that I was a huge inconvenience to Ashley who was my person at the check out. She couldn't have cared less about me. She even had a hard time handing me my bag. Even though it was a pair of socks and some energy jelly beans, it appeared to be the heaviest bag in the world. It was unfortunate that it ended this way. The stores was well maintained but some items were out of stock.
Savers is *awesome* for costumes! I popped in needing a Tour de Fat costume. In my heart I knew Savers would rock. They have rows and rows of Halloween costumes and accessories. Same stuff you might find in a Party City for less. 

Walking in I was greeted by Craig, "Hi! I'm the Costume Consultant. Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help."

Mind you, Craig is a really, really tall beefy guy. So the first time he spoke I was thinking, "Em...W-h-a-t does this man want?" Then I saw the name badge and caught on. Craig is the bomb. I looooorved my "Dark Angel" outfit. + I got some compliments out of it.

It's quite nice to walk up and down the available outfits, ordered by size, and plop them into your cart. There's no writing down of numbers after squinting at a picture in a store, only to learn they are out of stock. Savers allows you to try on six items at a time. 

Alas, I just wasn't feeling it with any of the traditional costumes. A Minnie Mouse polka dot retro thing with cute black gloves was super cute tho. I had two main criteria: 1) can't be too hot 2) should have some cleavage. (What? I'm single. Minnie had my collar bones covered.)

Hearing Craig's deep voice boom over the loudspeaker, "Hi! This is Craig! Allow me to create a unique costume for you." changed my mind. I asked some other gals for leads on black halter tops. They initially suggested the sleeveless aisle. When i added, "I'm looking for something inappropriate" they pointed me to lingerie.  (I like they way the employees here think.)

If anyone is looking for Frederick's of Hollywood merchandise they've got a current stash. (Oof. I'll never look at myself the same again.) Given that I'd be riding my bike to the light rail I needed more coverage. Found an awesome dress with beads. Craig generously allowed me to try on my feather wings. (Shh!) And he suggested the type of accessories to glam the whole thing up with.

Craig is the kind of guy you'd want as a bouncer. Sure, he's stocky. But I witnessed him helping tiny humans shop for Superman get-ups. These kids also think Craig walks on water. I'd go there if you need some Halloween fun!
Horrible customer service!  Rude and unapologetic for getting our order wrong and wouldn't give me my money back or provide credit for a next visit. It's like they go out of their way to get your order wrong and then get upset at you for calling them out on it. 
I picked up my order and had to wait about ten minutes for it, when I checked the pizza (habit after getting a wrong pizza from here before when I received sausage on a vegetarian pizza) it was already cold. They forgot to give me the salad my boyfriend ordered and I had to ask for it.  When I finally got home the salad was of course the incorrect salad. I've given them three shots and have given up.  
If you end up ordering from this place don't expect a good experience and don't say we didn't warn you.
Owner wrote me and asked me to actually give his business another chance, said he was a new owner and proprietor that had taken over.
So all this hype on hot waiters had this place on my list to do on my Stay-cation. 

Sad to say, I was majorly disappointed!

A group of gals hit this place for a late lunch on a Friday. The server acted like he was bothered from the get-go. The service was slow and he was rude and cold.

The food was pretty good. I had meatballs and capellini. The sauce was one of the best I have had. My friends enjoyed pizza and a meatball sandwich.

I would possibly return for the good food. The service left something to be desired, especially a hot hospitable Italian man.
Ridiculously expensive and I feel like I was ripped off.  I was charged close to $100 to diagnose my  vehicle. Additionally, I was given an estimate of $700 to fix the vehicle with statements implying it could be much, much higher depending on the extent of the repairs. I really wish I had known they were going to charge me so much just to hook a computer up to it and diagnose it.  I would have found another repair shop, and could easily have found one that would do a free, if not much lower cost diagnosis. 

Took my vehicle to Josh at Family Auto, on Arizona in Chandler, who fixed it for under half the cost of Greulich"s estimate. He was also appalled that they charged so much just to diagnose the vehicle.
Lots of different Hershey stuff to choose from but what makes this place better than M&M world is that they have fresh baked goods in a window to choose from! I went bezerk and got the following -
 Reeses Pieces cookie $4 - ok texture very big 
GIANT smores $4 - the best choice by far ! It had a fresh almost cake like graham, chocolate and a HUGE marshmallow.
Brownie looking thing $5 - It was a little dry and the whipped cream in between to brownie cakes was over the top. 
Also as an FYI this place and Hawaii is the only place you can get Macadamia nut Kisses. $6 for a small bag but definitley worth it ! 

Customer service was much better than expected, the cashiers were friendly and offered me an extra bag since it was raining outside. Very nice !
i don't ask much in my search for the perfect burger. Yes, it's nice to dine in a well kept restaurant. It's also enjoyable when the staff is interactive and friendly. A buzzing atmosphere is always a nice touch. 

But when it comes down to it, when I'm looking for the Taj Mahal of burgers, it all balances on what is served. And let me tell you, RBT knows how to serve a burger that will satisfy your deepest bovine desires. 

The menu is full of unique and staple burger offerings. The one that caught my attention, however, was the PBJ and Bacon burger. Upon reading the burger's description,  I felt more conflicted than a Southern Baptist at a Castro District drag show. 

"Wait a minute, PBJ does not belong on a burger!" 
"What?! The patty is drenched in sriracha?!" 
"I can get it with a pretzel bun as well?!"

The universe, as I saw it, was collapsing everywhere I looked. None of this made any sense to my respectable burger palate, and I yearned to taste this forbidden concoction of beef, bacon, thai hot sauce, and pb&j. Not to be outdone by the unique burger, I forewent the pedestrian side of fries and ordered the Jamaican corn to accompany my otherworldly dish.

What happened when dinner was served is somewhat of a blur. No, I was not intoxicated (in the traditional sense) - I can only compare it to the moment when you first meet your soulmate. That moment you will never forget, but cannot remember to the fullest detail. With my very first bite, my synapses were firing at a rate that a M134 Minigun couldn't match. My eyes bulged with intense fulfillment, my skin emitted a cool sweat of indulgence, and I could have sworn I heard the faithful tune "Take my Breath Away" ringing in my subconscious state of euphoria. I had found it, the perfect burger was in my grasp and I felt unworthy. 

The burger, like most fleeting romances, was gone before I could sincerely take in the magnitude of this event. Fortunately, the Jamaican corn was still at my disposal, and may God turn me into a horny toad if that side wasn't an outstanding compliment to the burger. Now the Jamaican corn wasn't from the same metaphysical realm from which the PBJ and Bacon burger originated, but it was more like a swan song for my recently departed dish, an ultimate tribute for the tantric experience of RBT.

RBT delivered when it counted most, and I'm not talking about a swift thrill, I'm talking about the kind of satisfaction that is almost melancholy, as if my burger pilgrimage was finally complete. Time will only tell if this is true, but until then, RBT is the home of my favorite burger.
Great Thai place. The soups are meant for one person but the dishes are generous and very filling. The green and red curries are good. They also deliver and are great for takeout. The Beef Red Curry is probably their best dish along with the salmon. I tried the chicken with cashew nuts stew which is exactly like the green curry.
Not the most authentic Japanese cuisine but the location makes this place fairly busy.  More of a fast food style Japanese.  If you are in area, I would recommend looking at alternatives
Simply amazing vegan food! The BLT chapati sandwich was massive - the coconut bacon definitely stole the show. We also ordered the chilli fries. Both are must-tries. You can tell everything is made with fresh and quality ingredients. A homey diner feel with bomb indie\/soul music
Only downside is that service was incredibly slow (worth the wait though!)
Every time I come here I know I'm going to get a delicious meal :) I've never been disappointed here. Plus! It's right off of UNLV campus :)
I love Todd English and all his olive's chains.  Ordered food to go for our trip back to LA and loved the mediterranean vibe of the bar and the restaurant.  This place has a view of Lake bellagio so it just adds to the character and personality of the establishment.  

We got the italian panini and it came with fried pickles and fried pepperoncinis.  They were spectacular even after sitting in the car for awhile before I opened up the food.  

Also got the burger and fries, the burger came with onions sauteed in balsamic and it added to the mediterranean feel.  

Really yummy.
It's unfortunate that the only reviews that get posted are bad experiences, especially when there are an overwhelming amount of satisfied clients. Being that I'm in the small business world myself, and a client of Dr. Dempsey's, I not only know the value a good review but know that Dr. Dempsey deserves it. I was very similar to Suranna in that I didn't get braces until my 20's. In fact, I had 8 teeth pulled just to GET braces. Dr. Dempsey sent me to the Biltmore Medical Center and I was certainly in good hands. I spent 3 years in braces, and like all people, I wanted them off immediately. I was told I had waited 3 years, what are a few more weeks? Dr. Dempsey has always treated me as if I would be client for life by telling me what I need. The reality is that teeth want to move back and wearing a retainer is key. Let's be honest, how many people with braces on for years are diligent about wearing a retainer? I can only imagine how many clients try to complain about teeth moving that never wear a retainer. It's been about 5 years since I've had my braces off, and I still visit Dr. Dempsey. If I lose a retainer, I pay for a new one. Orthodontics is an investment and it only makes sense to do your own part when they're off. We had a lot of work to do and I'm very satisfied with the results. I think Dr. Dempsey does a great job, has an amazing staff, and keeps his clients in a comfortable environment. I would, and have recommended him to friends. If anyone wants to talk more about my experience, or even see photos, I would be more than happy to help, just email me at dallis_hughes@hotmail.com
Visiting from the West coast of Canada, this is a spectacularly vibrant and interesting space.  The staff were fabulous as was the coffee... offered with almond milk which was thrilling for us.  It was busy and packed, difficult for us to get a table inside or out and it was a chilly day, so I can't imagine during a busier time of day.  We were here on a Friday around 2pm. 
If you're looking for a face paced tasty coffee break or quality baked breakfast on the run, this is worth whatever effort you want to go to.
My family and I come here all the time. Service and food is always exemplary and I can't help but brag to my friends. So far, they have all loved it! Terrie and Gina are always so kind and Rick makes better crepes than an authentic Parisian. I hope they stay open long enough for me to bring my kids out when I'm older. Can't wait to go back soon!
I have been waiting to eat here since I saw this on Man v Food. Started with the nachos which were delicious. Next on to the sandwiches which we ordered the pastrami and cheese, the beef and cheddar and the Pittsburgher. The pastrami was very good as was the beef sandwich. The pittsburger which they call their number 2 best seller was nasty. Also the cole slaw is very sour and not my favorite. The fries they get right. Just needed a little salt and they were excellent. On the side of service it was good just took a while for the sandwiches and it wasn't packed. I'm glad I went and would come back if I was in the area.
We held a Mom's Night Out with about 120 women in the ballroom and it could not have been more perfect! The food and beverage staff were very helpful and the set up and sound system were all in perfect order!
The most impressive element of the Venue is the decor. The attention to detail added the perfect touch to our evening!

We will definitely have another event here again!
This place used to be my favorite. But not anymore. My family and i used to eat her twice a day or more when we come for vacation. Now we steer clear of this one. The food qualiy has not been up to par for awhile. We only go to the aloha kitchen on sahara now. too bad we used to love this place. I read recent reviews on maryland and the food quality has been a C.
Ah, Pamela's. A true Pittsburgh favorite and must-go place when out-of-town friends are visiting. The food (best known for the famous hotcakes) is delicious and I always get the banana and chocolate hotcakes. It is truly a testament to the Pamela's deliciousness that when Michelle Obama visited Pittsburgh and ate at Pamela's, she asked the White House chef to get the hotcakes recipe to make for her at home. The hotcakes are truly decadent and probably have more butter and saturated fat than everything you've eaten today combined. But it's a wonderful calorie splurge every once in a while! Know that the wait is typically long (especially for Saturday and Sunday mornings) and it is cash-only, if memory serves.
The guy, because I SURE hope he isn't the manager, with the New Balances his name is Leo horrible attitude horrible service horrible view of the industry. I hate going out and having a horrible experience but today was just one of those days. DISAPPOINTED taking into consideration I come here at least twice a week.
This restaurant as a whole was absolutely amazing. The atmosphere was perfect for a nice date night out on the town or with a group of good friends. Dark, warm and romantic. The service was as good as it gets. Very attentive and took the time to explain every dish. Now for the food.... wow! There were 4 of us and each person got the 3  course sample menu and we all got something different. Every single dish that came out was beautiful and cooked perfect. We were all very impressed. The only thing I would like to see would be a few nice beers on tap as they only offer mix drinks and wine. There are some very nice upscale craft beers that would have paired very well with the overall feel and atmosphere. Other than that, it was a perfect experience and we will be back.
What can I say about this place......Its BOMB DIGGITY!!!  Always go here everytime I go to vegas, right before we make the drive back home to San Diego. Always order the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet! I've also tried the Oxtail Soup here but does not compare to California Hotel's Oxtail Soup. The omelet portion can probably feed a small family of three but I've always finished it by myself feeling food coma right after. There is no place like Aloha kitchen, highly highly recommend trying their Adobo Omelet spectacular!!
I thought the food was great, but my filet was overcooked. If I'm paying $60 for a steak, I do expect it to be cooked as a requested. I asked for medium but got somewhere in between medium well and well done.  Besides this though, the service was excellent, the atmosphere was great, and the sides were fantastic.
I have lived at The Surf for 1.5 years. I have enjoyed the wonderful location, beautiful apartments, and incredible views. I will be sad to leave.  The management is friendly, helpful, and fair. The property continues to improve as a means of competing with new large apartments being constructed downtown.  Free Laundry was just 1 new update in the past few months that has been greatly appreciated.

And you can't beat the lake during the summer time.

I'm sad to leave... but will always have fond memories of my time spent there.

I will definitely always use their current AirBnb option whenever I come back to town.
David B.
The quality of the lamps and light fixtures in this store are a testament to Joe and his years of collecting.  I would happily own and display about 80% of what he has for sale in my home if I had the money and or space.  If you are looking for a $100 lamp you can go to any of the Antique "Shabby Chic" malls around town, if you a want a statement piece and quality that has not been seen for 60+ years travel no further.  I have purchased 2 ceiling fixtures and one Handel lamp from him in the last 12 months, they were not cheap but they are magnificent.
I used The Perfectionist, for the first time this past week.  They came highly rated by our property manager here in Scottsdale.  We had been away all summer and I wanted my home and guest house deep cleaned just before I arrived back for the winter season.
Words cannot express how HAPPY I was with their job!  They sent 4 cleaners out and removed and folded sheets that were covering furniture.  Cleaned every room, dusted, mopped stone and hardwood floors...EVEN cleaned and put my patio furniture out, with the cushions on them and had everything sparkling in 3 hours!!!
When I walked in the door, after driving 900 miles, I was sooo relieved that they had taken care of EVERYTHING. I am somewhat of the Clean Freak, and could not find anything that had not been addressed.  I have used cleaning services in other states, but have always found problems with their services.  
Not so with this company!!!
I have already called and signed up for monthly cleaning services, I AM THAT HAPPY!
delicious chicken shawarma, owner was very friendly and service was great! definitely recommend.
Very poor quality work done. mechanics have no idea what they are doing the staff was not very friendly as usual. this is not a place that I will actually continue doing business with at any location
The hotel itself is a bit outdated and nothing to brag about.
But the casino has a lot of different gaming options and the slots are as loose as my sister. We tripled our money this trip, and we haven't done that at any other casino.
The poker tournament was a free offer, with free 15,000.00 in play chips and an easy way to make a litle money since only 400 people entered, and on top of it they comped our room for entering. If you play at any of thier affiliates they are very generous with the offers they send out.
The guys loved the cocktail waitresses, as they must hve been the closest to naked they get and the resteraunts inside the casino were amazing.
My daughter attended a birthday party here.  It was amazing!  She wants to have her birthday party here. She played for hours and was exhausted when we left. If you are leary of this activity you can try it for 5 min. I'm sure you will love it like we did.
They are so friekin fast . I m not a fan of deli but I ordered when I was pregnant and sick and I felt like I hung up the phone and they were at the door.
I liked this place - not your run of the mill Cafe. Really great Argentinian treats to be had (a welcome change from the usual grilled sandwich fare) along with well made beverages poured by a pleasant staff. Sat and worked on my laptop and sipped a very refreshing hot apple cider on a chilly Toronto day. The veggie mushroom asparagus pie dish I ate was delicious.
I don't live in this neighborhood but did have a client in the area that given the lack of healthy places to eat lunch I took refuge here. Upon my first visit I was saddened to find this location does not have a deli like the South Blvd location. However, it's still Healthy Home Market so there's lots of delicious options. 

The produce is great for snacks & side items to your lunch. There's tons of drinks options so while maybe a gallon of milk is too much for the afternoon, there's bottles of juices to choose instead. Nuts of all varieties make a good 2:30pm feeling choice. 

The main reason I'm writing a review is the number of single serve frozen food choices, because when you're stuck with a typical office kitchen the ability to cook is limited. There could be more, it's not as stocked as the Harris Teeter at 5th & Popular, but there are vegetarian, vegan and meals with meat so you could easily go through a eating lunch out of this grocery store ever day for a week.

Of course the people are really friendly too, so when faced with that I've-never-been-to-this-store-and-I-have-no-idea-where-anything-is feeling they're happy to show where to find what you need.
Jon A. was an instant fan once we found out that Bouchon would take some effort to get to. At first, we thought we could get to the Venetian from the Palazzo, but we didn't find a secret passageway that would get us there. We then managed to find the entrance to the Venetian and find a casino directory that would help us get to Bouchon. There were instructions on the map itself that indicated that we would need to take the guest elevators to the 10th floor to find it. We successfully convinced the security guard that although we did not have room keys to the Venetian, we did want to visit Bouchon on the 10th floor. A few floors higher, we crossed a lounge area and selected the path that would take us across a skyway and straight into the welcoming arms of Bouchon.

Now that the trek was over, we were greeted by a friendly host who promptly showed us to a table. We admired the breakfast menu for some time and luckily looked up long enough to see the chalkboards with the day's specials. Jon ordered one of them: three-egg omelet with short ribs, tomatoes, and cheddar. He also got a side of pommes lyonnaise (sliced potatoes and onions, cooked in butter and herbs until golden brown). I went with the Bouchon French toast. All of their juice offerings are freshly squeezed, so we tried the orange juice.

While we waited for our food, we surveyed the bar's selection from our table since the menu listed each of their breakfast cocktails at $12 each, including mimosas and bloody maries. (They must use real champagne from Champagne, France and fresh-squeezed orange juice for those mimosas.) They seemed to have a nice selection of the hard stuff, but Jon wasn't impressed with the scotch selection.

The food made me happy that we chose Bouchon for breakfast: the eggs that made up the omelet shell were nice and fluffy, and the short rib meat inside was cooked perfectly. The pommes lyonnaise made me want to learn how to make it so that I could eat it at home. And the French toast, albeit small in portion size, was delicate and combined several of my favorite things: brioche, apples, custard, and bread pudding. Definitely a great start to the day.

The restaurant was relatively quiet (definitely quiet compared with the hubbub in the casino area), the atmosphere was calm and elegant, and there wasn't anything to complain about the service. In fact, they probably refilled our water glasses one too many times, but they never let them stay low or empty for longer than two minutes.

The verdict: Great splurge breakfast spot. (We left there $45 lighter, including tax and tip.) It's a nice oasis that makes you (mostly) forget that you're on the Strip.
I've been there couple times because it's close to my work. It's funny how there's around 6-8 people working there and they mess up orders when there's only a few customers. The portion also varies time to time. I also think that they are over-priced especially the burgers. 

I got an e-mail saying that I have a free shake\/smoothie. I went there and was told that it no longer apply to you because you installed the new app. However, I got the e-mail after I updated the app. I was pissed so they gave it to me at the end. However, that's not professional.
I haven't been to Grand Lux Café before, and since I like going to the Cheesecake Factory when I'm in Seattle, I thought I'd drop in here for dinner on Saturday night around 6pm. The wait was only about 5 minutes to be seated and we were greeted right away and asked what we would like to drink and if we would like to order any appetizers. I ordered the edamame which were delicious. The edamame here are cooked in a sauce, not just steamed and sprinkled with sea salt. They were different, but really good. For dinner I had the BBQ chicken which was cooked perfectly. My friend had the fish and chips which she said she liked as well. The food is of course very similar to the food at Cheesecake Factory, but I would definitely come back again.
Un délice de restaurant mexicain! Les tacos (8$ les deux) sont excellents et nous retrouvons l'ambiance parfaite du Mexique! Les prix sont un peu élevés à mon goût mais reste dans la norme pour une place en plein centre ville. J'ai adoré le guacamole et les churros en dessert aussi! La déco est magnifique et les fresques au mur sont très jolies! Petit bémol donc pour le prix, le bruit et le service approximatif qui ne parle pas très bien français (la serveuse qui s'est occupé de nous, je n'ai pas entendu le reste). Je reviendrais cependant sans hésitations pour y manger mexicain!
Our daughter went here for over a year. Our experience was a good one. We LOVE the two year old teach, Ms. Amira. Our daughter adored her and from the first day she was in the class, it seemed like she was learning new things everyday. All meals were included which made dinner time so much better in our family, when we got home, she was already fed and we could worry about other things. The only negative is that the afternoon help doesn't seem to be consistent. Every few weeks, it seemed like there was a new afternoon teacher in the class. When we would get to know the afternoon teacher and feel comfortable, she would move to a new room or leave the center. I would give it five stars if not for that.
I would give this place 0 stars if I could. Wish I read these reviews before I came in. Their receptionist fails to tell you that you're going to be charged prior to walking behind the door. Like any health related office I've been to, they charge you and let you know costs before getting anything done. Not here!!! She wanted me to get all these tests done prior to getting my annual women's health check up. This place wants your money and will do anything and everything to make sure they are getting it!!!! Terrible customer service. Receptionist is rude. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
découverte grâce à un ami yelpeur.  que dire,  excellent !  je  suis difficile en nourriture mais cette endroit est vraiment excellent.  le service est ultra rapide. 

j'étais au bar ce qui permettait de voir tout la cuisson et construction des plats.  Les chefs sont spectaculaire. 

pour la nourriture,  que de bon choix.  J'ai essayer le boeuf kalbugi avec un brochette yakitori.  C'était succulent.  tout est extrêmement cuit et agencer à la perfection. 

Ma compagne à goûter au ravioli qu'elle a adoré ainsi qu'un bol dont le nom m'échappe,  Mais c'était tellement bon que même si elle etait pleine,  elle n'a pas pus s'arrêter avant de terminer le bol. 

lendroit est très petit et on peut commander pour emporter.  Il y a souvent une fils d'attente mais ça va très vite et ça en vaut la peine. 

paiement comptant ou par interact Canadien seulement.
I have been coming to this Starbucks for awhile and there is a reason why. I started out with the drive-thru that has always been fast. Even if there are 10 cars in line, I can count on getting my coffee within 5 minutes max. Way awesome for someone like me who is constantly on a busy schedule. I then went inside one morning when I had extra time and the staff was so friendly! Everyone was engaging, they completely made the best coffee ever! And my breakfast I ordered was just the perfect temp to eat right away. The store manager introduced himself to me as Nicholas and has made a point to say hi to me every morning since I've been back, even on drive-thru. I will always come to this Starbucks, even if it's out of my way!
Shuseki is a formidable alternative to Ichiza, if you dislike large obnoxious crowds. I eat here about twice a week, and I have no intention of stopping anytime soon. They have a small crew of sweet, polite, fluent Japanese-speaking waitstaff, composed mostly of females. 

When we go there, they seat us promptly, and if you go often enough (like we do) they remember your preferences. For example, we always order green tea and water, and my boyfriend dislikes ginger and miso soup. They always remember this, after about the third time they didn't ask anymore. 

I appreciate the ambiance, it's low-key and somewhat earthy. I like that the girls who work there shuffle their own iPods on the stereo. It is changing all the time, and mostly Japanese, but I like that.

Sharing dishes is encouraged, and the entrees are pretty big. Sushi is exceptionally fresh for being in the desert. I love the mochi ice cream and the bathrooms are always clean.
If I had to choose a favorite place to read a book with a coffee and a beer, this would be it. I get lost in the bookstore every time I come in, and the best part is YOU CAN DRINK YOUR BEER WHILE YOU PERUSE!!! The staff is super awesome, the coffee is tasty, and the atmosphere is great. All in all A+ Changing Hands\/First Draft.
The first thing I noticed about this place was that it was open and super tidy. There weren't magazines strewn about. 
Even on a Monday morning there weren't  a bunch of people waiting in the waiting room. People checked in and moved right through. 

It's great that you get your own dressing room that locks. No shoving your clothes and belongings in a cramped little locker.
The staff gives you a pair of scrubs to wear for your procedure. No traipsing around in a half open gown and ankle boots. (I'd like to forget that SMLE experience)

My technician (bob) was friendly and nice without being goofy. Explained everything that was happening. I was having a simple CT scan with contrast dye.
I was in and out in about 45 minutes. 

BTW, I LIKE the contrast dye. Sick isn't it? A whole body warm fuzzy. I just wish it lasted longer.
On Easter weekend, we called Animal Inn regarding their rates.  They informed about their price but failed to tell us about an additional rate being that it's Easter.  They did however, remember to tell us that they close early on Easter Day.

We brought our Tibetan Spaniel there and she absolutely did not want to go in.  The workers are not friendly and\/or accomodating at all.  Terrible service all the way around.  We asked them why they couldn't tell us that there were extra fees over the phone when we called and they just said "well that's how it is".   We would be happy to pay the extra money, but not when they intentionally fail to tell us to accomodate their business.  

Upon picking our dog up, no one greeted me as I entered the door, so I stood there waiting as they were all staring at me, until someone had the descency to acknowledge a customer.  They were rude, very unfriendly, and did not seem to care about the animals.  

Our dog seemed a little traumatized after we brought her home to bathe and feed her.  

I DO NOT recommend this place to anyone!
I have been 3 times over the past year. Why? The sushi is simple but very good. Excellent rice. Fresh fish. 
No complaints on the food and the terrasse is lovely.

Unfortunately, I will not be going back. Why? The service is just too slow. No appetizers and it took 55 minutes to get our sushi... There were only 4 other tables and 4 sushi chefs. Every time I have been to this restaurant I was frustrated with the amount of time you have to wait to get your food. They had 3 chances to fix the problem, but to no avail.
This is probably the best zoo I have been to for actually seeing the animals up and active. There is a big variety. My favorites are the elephants and the bats in the rainforest. In fact the rainforest is why I like coming here the most. It is a big place, so plan on doing some walking, or be smart and take the trams to the far our areas and save your steps for the main center area. I was disappointed that one wasn't running while I was there and my feet were not happy with that by the end of the day. But I always enjoy it there, no matter what.
This place has the best dosa in town. I have tried almost all places in Toronto and GTA for South Indian food. Trust me this place beats them all. We have been frequently visiting this place from last 4 years. It never disappoints! We always order paper masala dosa and it feeds atleast two people. Dosa quality is better than gurulakshmi. They offer unlimited sambhar and chutnies. We never have to wait in queue and staff is really nice. They are always ready to suggest different stuff from the menu. Thumbs up to madras dosa place for maintaining the same quality every time we visit.
Wednesday my husband and I saw Fantasy for the 3rd time.

First time in Feb 09 we loved it, Stephanie was the singer and she was amazing, we bought the CD and love her Goin to Vegas song

2nd time was after we moved here spring of 2010, OMG the Baywatch\/Playboy chick they had then was horrible! she could not sing at all, that girl could not carry a tune in a bucket!(please don't ever bring her back! Angelica Bridges ick)

This 3rd time was as good as the first now with Lorena Peril she is an amazing singer! I loved her Hips don't Lie number She can pull off the notes and does a wonderful job!

The women are beautiful, and most are natural, its fun energetic and all around good time, and yes they are topless most of the time (our Fave is Dar)

The theater is small so I don't think there is a bad seat in the house

Must see Sean Cooper omg he is so funny! I would go back again just to see him!

Its a fun show!
I really do love this salon.  Everyone I have ever encountered has always been courteous, professional and so helpful.  I've been going to this salon on and off for a few years and I'd be a regular if I lived closer, but I will travel an hour to go here because I know it's a sure thing.
Heather has done my hair several times and she is amazing!  She's awesome at listening to what you want and giving great suggestions.  I have never once been disappointed with her work.
Patti is the in house esthetician at this salon and what a find she is!  She has been in the business for over 30 years and is EXTREMELY knowledgeable and experienced!  I've gotten 2 facials from her and several waxes and she has always been professional but so much fun too.  She knows her stuff so I've gotten wonderful tips and advice from her about skincare and overall health.  I won't ever need to find another esthetician!  I highly recommend this salon!  Go check out Heather for your hair and Patti for your skincare needs pronto!  ;)
We ordered boxed lunches and some afternoon snack platters from Sausalido for a small 100-person design conference. Delivery was early, and the quality was amazing. I took home some leftover veggies that I was still eating, just as fresh, a week later. Sausalido was professional and responsive, and offered amazing, healthy options at a reasonable price. The cheeses on the afternoon snack trays were to die for, and the boxed lunches were anything but boring. Everything was fresh and delicious. We were delighted to work with them and I can't wait to do so again.
The food was fine, definitely overpriced. Gnocchi poutine was the highlight, and probably the only thing that I would order again. The short ribs were literally entirely fat (even for short ribs) so we couldn't eat most of it. 

Be warned: the place is small and apparently poorly ventilated, so you will leave and your coat will smell like fried stuff and you'll have to pay to get it dry cleaned.... so. There's that.
Best Pho in Montreal!! Family owned business, very clean, service is very good. 

I've tried almost everything on the menu. Bun Bo Hue is the best! Pho Dac Biet is also one of my favourites. Everything is made fresh daily, I am never disappointed every time I visit this restaurant. 

As for drinks\/dessert, their are a lot of varieties. You can try the 3 colour dessert, ask for the 5 or 7 colour (which is not on the menu). It's very good too! Their vietnamese iced coffee is one of the best I've tasted so far.

Location is perfect, right in front of cote-st-catherine metro and there is plenty of parking!
One of the best stores in Edinburgh for vinyl, they always have a great selection, loads of bargains and some rarities for the distinguished collector. The owner really knows his stuff so if you're looking for something obscure, ask him, he's an encyclopaedia of knowledge! There's also a huge selection of CDs and cassettes and a great notice board full of hilarious musicians-sought ads. Definitely worth a browse! :)
We started off with the escargot which was very good and the portion was probably the biggest I've had. The duck confit entree was okay nothing special. We then got the free crime brûlée for checking in. It was probably the worst I've ever had. It was tiny yet we didn't close to finishing it.
Lovely place with super friendly service. Food are fresh and good, but they are not too expensive.
A friend of mine wrote an essay criticizing their wasabi and pickled ginger. The bottom line, I'm there for the sushi, sashimi, and selected hot plates. I wouldn't care less about the side stuff.
If you want to evaluate them based on those cheap AYCE places, don't you dare complain about their price because that will be an insult to the restaurant. They take pride in the quality and presentation so they SHOULD be paid accordingly. If you go downtown for the same standard of food, you would be paying double or so.
I was not expecting this place to be great but I was surprised! The food was delicious, the staff was fabtastic.  They made a special night even better for my group.  From the decor to the yummy food, it was a delight to dine here!
Preplaced a cracked screen on  an iPhone 5s.  I dropped it off and picked up less than an hour later.  Friendly an down to earth.
I loved staying at The Mirage! It was a pretty nice hotel and you got the most bang for your buck for being on the strip. It was pretty affordable compared to the other hotels (less than $230\/night during summer weekends including taxes and resort fees) and you received free Wi-Fi, it was central to the main attractions of the strip, and had a great buffet. This was for a room for 4 people. 

You can't store anything in the fridge so if you bring food\/drinks, I would recommend bringing a cooler. They stock the fridge with items for purchase to get you to spend more. 

They also have those $22 tall (2 feet) margaritas! I've seen them as high as $40 at other hotels. And if you save the cup you get $5 off :)

Always a great time in Vegas!
OK, AYCE Toronto, Strike II. Chop up the imitation krab already!!! Nobody wants to eat that garbage whole, in chunks or undressed...Lazy!

Do not be romanced by what the presentation dishes are on the ipad menu. When it hits your table you won't recognize it, barebones swill all the way.

Prawn tempura (it is not) comes out looking like pale chopsticks with ceiling insulation stuck to them.

Seriously, this stupid iPad menu is running a BS slideshow of all the awesome looking food that is apparently made here. The trash delivered to my table looks nothing like it.

Beware of roaming hyper infants running all over the place while you are eating. Parents I guess treat the place like a chucky cheese and the wait staff look the other way.

So yea, come here if you have $22  for dinner and want to stuff yourself with seafood an alley cat wouldn't touch.
Walked in today with my sister to get some family names tatted and Kyle was our guy! His room smelled like delicious pine and he was funny and easy to make small talk with . My sister gets a little nervous before getting tattooed and he was really patient with her and offered helpful advice! I've never been here before but will definitely stop in again!!
Tuesday night is Family night, you get 4 skate rentals, a pizza and 4 drinks for $20. It's an economic way to get the kids out of the house and get a little exercise. The decor of this place looks like it was saved from the 70s, right down to the loud carpet and disco ball. The location isn't the greatest, and I sometimes worry for my car when i have to park further away from the building. The clientele is sort of the same, so I wouldn't ever feel safe leaving my kids there alone. 

The food is typical of what you would expect from a skating rink. The pizzas are frozen Digiorno. They sell pizza by the slice for $1.50. They also have hot dogs and nachos.
Descent enough but I found the pho broth ho-hum. There are much better options in China town.
We had a great time here. The staff is nice and attentive, the food was great. The prices are about $20 and up but it is worth it. Definitely fits in with all the nice restaurants on E. 4th. If you drive here you can get valet parking for $8, even on the weekends!
i was going to star of india and i ordered shai panner,chicken karuma and garlic naan. so goooood i love it so much
my favorite resturant n phoenix
Medieval walls stores all the prayers, thoughts and hopes whispered over the centuries. Generations passed away and now we have short moment to calmly leave our thoughts and hopes in this timeless place. Stop and appreciate this great privilege which you have.
I love sushi is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in all of the Henderson and Las Vegas area. Food is always fresh service is always wonderful. My favorite thing to eat there is the Screaming O. The sauce on it is mouthwatering yummy goodness.
I chose to ignore the negative reviews on yelp. So I went on sunday for dinner. To make it short, ITS NOT WORTH IT !  I have tried many buffets in vegas,  but this time iwas staying at the mgm grand and decided to try theyre 30 dll buffet. Ithink you have more choices eating  at hometown buffet. The food was ok, the service was ok the buffet area is kept clean ,but seriously, this buffet is overpriced. This my last time eating here. if you are going to pay this kind of money for a buffet, go to RIO Casino buffet, in my opinion you get better value for youre money there.
This Coach location is great!

Their stock is amazing and they sell shoes! :)  Every time I was able to buy the item that I had found on coach.com.  

Associates are pleasant and knowledgeable.   They not only SELL, but they also provide EXCELLENT customer service.

Purchased many items from this location and would definitely be back for more! :)
Refused to serve me because I was too drunk and causing a wild commotion. Let me sit at the bar and only kicked me out once I started falling asleep. Paid the bartender all of the change in my pockets for a glass of water. The water was decent quality. Overall, ok experience.
I loved this show! It was my 2nd Cirque du Soleil show (the first one was O), and this one really blew me away. I was sort of expecting all the acrobatics stuff (don't get me wrong, they were fantastic in that regard too!), but what really amazed me was the stage set. It's truly one of a kind, you would not see anything like it outside of Vegas. The music was also great, it really heightened the excitement. I would see this show again in a heart beat!! It's kind of pricey, but well worth it!
Their food was really delicious and the apple pancakes were one of my most favorite treats.  However, I must confess that we haven't been in years (like really 4 or so)... The service was so incredibly bad... Some of the worst we've ever had.  We still went back because the food was good.  Then one day when we asked to speak to the owner about some issue, she told us her daughter was our server and one of the best.  She wouldn't hear our issue and walked away.  We paid our bill, left no tip and never have returned.  I don't know if there's been improvement in service over the years but I caution you, they were like a Greek siren... Delicious food that called you in and monster service once you were seated....
Wow, reading the other review, guess waiting for your food to be served can be an issue at this restaurant.  Try waiting an hour and 1\/2.  Other diners were so perturbed they left in frustration; the intrepid restaurant staff then offered the departed diners plates to those still waiting for food - TACKY.  

By the time our food was served, my mother in-laws hot beef was COLD.  They supposedly were short 2 cooks. Since they had a large group of women and a Red Hat society that seemed to get their food in good timing, maybe the cooks walked out mid-shift.  My husband wouldn't let me make a stink, but after a wait that long, with a hot dish being served cold, there should have been an offer at comping a meal or taking a certain percentage off.  How on earth does this place survive?

Salsa was good, shredded beef chimi I had was below average and over-fried.  At least I know now if ever antiquing in Glendale again I can avoid this restaurant!

So far the downtown Glendale restaurants I have tried have been sub-par and not worth trying again (Kimberly Ann's Tea Shop was the other).
This was the first place we went when looking for a used car (new to me) and Bob Riedel recommended a little Mitsubishi Lancer for me.  My father said that we'd like to look around some more and Bob said "I can tell you what will happen ... you'll spend a lot of time and gas out there running around and you'll end up coming back here for this Lancer at the end of the day," and that is exactly what happened.  I love the car and Bob and the other associates (Tommy and ... Adam, I believe) were fantastic.  I would highly recommend this dealership and its people if you are looking for a new or used car.
Outstanding service and food.  The crab cake is a must!!  Ask about any steak specials and ask to see the James Bond table.  Unreal!!!
Ask for Jan, he was awesome and very knowledgeable about the items. Thanks again for the great service!!!

We started off with the young yellowtail appetizer, OMG it was butter, melt in your mouth butter! so fresh!

Then we had the toro scallion roll and the Shibuya roll. Both were amazing. The toro with scallion was perfect. 

Very pricy but you definitely get what you pay for.
Very bland coconut milk soup, the glass noodles looked much better than they tasted. Service was very slow, and after waiting 20 minutes after I was done eating, I finally had to walk to the counter to tell them I wanted my check. They were not busy at all. Very disappointing.
I love the salads here the best ,, started a diet and nice to know placebo go . The service was wondr ful and the atmosphere enjoyable. We are new to this area  and it will be our favorite mexican food.
Excellent value and service.  Mark the owner and his crew have done excellent by us over the years...8 cars over 15 years.  The one time we had a problem was with an 8 year old tint job and Mark took care of the problem with no hassles and or questions asked.

I highly recommend them.
Great BBQ. I got the pulled chicken sandwich(I would suggest getting it on the Texas toast because it can get a little messy) fresh cut fries(amazing) and Mac n cheese(just okay) the chicken was moist, tender, and flavorful! Would definitely recommend and return with my family!
We came here on Halloween, first time and due to seeing all of the TV's everywhere we really wanted to watch a football game. The hostess was kind enough, none of them are like super friendly or anything, but she did her job. The waitress on the other hand, cute outfit and all, was kind of out of it. She talked us into getting the bucket of beers, I thought the 2-4-1 deal was better, but too late.....Anyways, we ordered wings, hubby and I split a cobb salad and got the fries. Food was meh...The wings, while nice and meaty, HAD NO SAUCE.....We communicated this to our waitress, and instead of investigating this, she basically refused to do anything at all and told us, "just put tobasco, our sauce is basically ketchup anyways." So helpful, NO! We communicated our disappointment with a mediocre tip. Overall, we will go anywhere else but here next time we are hungry and wanting to watch a game.
BOMB! Burger was amazing! Cooked just right, fries were yummy. I bought the beer combo! Had a tad to much to drink as I write this. But I thought the burger was amazing! I would eat here even if I were sober!
Krazy air is under bye management noir only did they raise their prices  and time restriction on their mommy and me jump time but they also changed the whole menu and got rid of all of their sub sandwiches and replaced it with two options of pizza cheese or pepperoni. Not only are the pizzas greasy and not that great but their old menu was half the reason we used to come next to the great price on mommy and me that is now 2 dollars more.  It went from 6 dollars for 2 hours to 8d dollars for 1 hour.  Don't know if we will be coming back as often.
Simply delicious! And the decor is comfortable and rugged. The milkshakes are "adult" and amazing!
Worst customer service ever... Tried to call all day to get appointment for maintenance and they never picked up... Left a voice mail and they never return a call... Regret that I get maintenance with them.. I will give one star for my awesome car tho
My brothers wifes parents and aunt from Philippines were visiting and wanted to come to this famous chefs spot would be good for the overseas family. They asked me and my cousin to come meet them for dinner and seeing I had a positive experience, I gave it another go. 

I had the chanterelle burger and simply fries. It was the same consistency as last - it was cooked to a nice pink and juicy, the mushrooms and jams were nice with it. Maybe I've been drawn to more simple burgers on this menu but it generally is so topping fiends may be disappointed on that front? It's a clean beef flavor with a big of enhancement is I think what they're going for.

I also tried some of my brothers truffle fries which was rather good, with a great aioli and the onion rings my cousin got were decent, but I feel the truffle fries are the best bet side. My brother also got jalapeno poppers and those were good as far as poppers go.

Service was friendly, but just ok on the attentive front. It was during peak dinner hours and it was SOO BUSY and they were just a bit spread thin so I wont fault too much. There was a wait, and while these burgers were good I feel the wait will dampen the experience. I recommend not off hours.  

My one thing we thought sucked though was when I came with the BF last they split our shake no problem and we were told you cant split them. It lead to fights with the two kids having to share one cup. I was a bit perplexed as to why they wouldn't split because it is "too thick". 

Now the BF meets us after he gets off work and he wanted to eat here too since we were already here. Haha. SOO I went again with him. 

He got a fish sandwich and said that was good, but not better than a burger. He got the sweet potato fries which had this kicker jalapeno dip so there was a sweet\/spicy\/salty thing going on with this.  

I sat there with one of their shakes and got the strawberry with coconut pudding. The BF got a oreo with creme brulee pudding. Good, rich but overkill at least for us. We should've shared one like last time

Water went empty a few times, but it wasn't as busy. Still very personable and friendly though and did check on us and kinda chatted but didn't look down and see our water was low and started to walk away until we asked for some. We asked for our food to be packed and it wasnt and then we asked again and it as taken and while signing and doing their little iphone survey it didn't get to our table and we then forgot about it. 

Overall - after technically three visits, I think it's a solid place for a spot on the strip. I don't think the price point is bad given location, but as a local I wouldn't make a habit of it. And definitely - not during peak hours! It's worth the trip down, but not waiting an hour each visit. I'll keep it at a solid 4 stars since I'm a fan, but I'll say the experiences teeter between 3-4 depending.
Came here for happy hour on a Thursday.  Was excited to find out about their margarita\/manicure combo (such a fun & clever idea!) but then I didn't end up taking advantage of it.

Had a couple margaritas (can't say they blew my mind) and tried some of their apps (tasty but nothing to write home about).  Best part was probably the salsa.  Mmmm. Love my salsa.  And theirs was good.  Smokey, my favorite.  And the chips were light, crisp and the perfect amount of saltiness.  Would come here again for chips\/salsa & probably just stick to beer.  

Not bad if you're in the area, but don't make a special trip.
After speaking to head office I received a call from the cosmetic manager at the location where they refused to give me a refund. They explained their logic to me, but I still do not agree with them refusing to give me a refund when every other location had no issues doing so. However, they followed up and that I do respect.
This is a good Mexican food option on the strip. The food is all good, but nothing that will blow away your taste buds, or your wallet. The main reason we went here was that it took reservations. And on the strip on a busy Friday night, that is valuable. Overall a good experience.
Excellent customer service. We just moved into our new home and found a wasp nest in our pond. I called W B Pest about the wasp nest (sent pics\/video to their cell phone) and they accommodated us and came out the same day and took care of it. Thank goodness because we have dogs and I didn't want them to be attacked and stung. I definitely recommend them. Thank you W B for your great service.
Do not got on Sunday.  When we walked in, only guy working says more barbers are going to be there.  Didn't happen!  For someone from a long line of barbers, you're not fooling me.  Way over-priced and the guy there was slower than death to a sick horse.  You don't have to bs your customers!  Give them a good haircut and send them on their way!   Sorry, could only judge by going in on Sunday.  Good luck!
I went in to have my first laser hair removal today by Shana. I have to tell you she is the most professional and experienced technician I have ever experienced. She also teaches at the school and has many inside tips that are very useful. Her laser is top of the line and makes it much less painful.

 Thanks so much Shana....you are so sweet and made me feel comfortable during the whole procedure!
Long wait for a large group on a Sunday for brunch but we'll worth the wait. Excellent service by the staff once seated. The shrimp and grits is a must try. The apple sausage with pancakes is also worth it. Pleasure Palate rated.
This museum was heavily entertaining and made an afternoon well spent. I ultimately recommend this museum to anyone that is interested in history or organized crime.
Update, window smears issue seems to be solved,, hesitate to give them 5 stars because it will get too crowded, its as good as you can get, plus they are very  nice people to boot!
Vaughan Mills shopping mall is my go-to mall when I want to kill time, and don't want to attack the craziness that is the Yorkdale Mall parking lot.

The Bass Pro sports shop is somewhat of a tourist attraction as it is quite impressive.  

The mall itself is massive, and there are quite a few outlets here.  The food court is quite large, and I love the vintage American cars they've used as decor for their various booth seats.

For those of you who have the patience, there is a Holt Renfrew outlet here, though it is slim pickings and its usually the XS or XL sizes left.  

This is a place I'd come if I had some serious time to kill.  It seems to attract families on weekends as that is the crowd I see the most of.
We called in for a reservation this past Monday, which I am grateful we did because they were packed! We sat on the patio and were very comfortable under the heat lamps. We were in a group of 6 so we started with a giant pretzel and bread assortment, both which were very good. One of the people in our party ordered the potato pancakes, unfortunately they were out of sour cream so she was overall disappointed with her meal. My parents both ordered the Jager Schnitzel, my mom enjoyed hers and my dad was not very impressed. My fiance ordered the Kilometer german sausage and really enjoyed his dish. He generally does not care for sauerkraut but really liked it! I ordered the Haus Made Bolognese and really enjoyed the fresh flavors. Our service was a little slow, which is not surprising with how busy they were. I would have given them an additional star if we were able to get refills without having to flag someone down or wait a long time. I would probably go back to Haus Murphy's based on the food experience alone.
I did not visit this place personally but my husband friend bought food for eid i have to say it was very good and the kheer was amazing.
Our air conditioner conked out in the middle of last night.  I called the 24 hour number for Accu Temp - actually found this company on Yelp and liked the positive reviews.  Within 2 hours of my initial contact, Mike W. came out, figured out the problem, left to get a new pump, installed it and evaluated the system for any additional issues.   
He was extremely helpful and professional.  I am very pleased to recommend this company to fellow homeowners in the valley.  It's nice to know that when the temperatures are in that July August range, this company goes above and beyond to get your home livable in  such a timely manner.
Dani is the best bartender !!  She always greets us with a warm smile and makes sure we are treated like royalty .
A year later and they're still my favorite go to place for Tex-Mex! The Ukrainian woman at the front is always such a delight. She remembers my name, and little things we converse about from time to time. Not to mention she always checks on us to make sure we're okay. The food is always fresh and delicious. I've taken many friends there and they love the place as much as I do. Our hat's off to the chef and staff! Gracias!!!
Fast service
Good food
Great service
So much food
Don't come here if you are on a diet. 
We must have arrived early because there wasn't much of a line, when we left the line was wrapped around the restaurant... this was at lunch time. 
It is cafeteria style, we walked right past the beautiful salads and straight for the perogies, 5 of use shared the big plate and then each had our own meals. With drinks and beer it was under $60. 
The food was amazing, and we all had leftovers. 
Check it out if you are in the area. 
Bonus is you can walk over to the big Cleveland sign and get your picture with the city scape behind you, maybe before you gorge on the delicious food.
I was so excited to see a Nathan's Hot Dog!  Yet I was so disappointed to in my hard bun and hot dog that was less than fresh.
Just take a peek at your product if you are taking it to go, so you're not disappointed.
I wasn't too impressed with the steak salad, the steak was good ( a little over cooked, but good ). The salad was just too plain. You have a choice between a few different salad bases. I ordered the House salad, the last time I was there I ordered it with my meal and loved it soo I thought this time with steak it would have been amazing. Maybe the Chef was slacking tonight I dunno. I don't know what they spent on the steak for the salad but i do not understand how they came up with the price of $17. I didn't get a 17 dollar salad tonight for sure.
North is a wonderful place to go eat on Sunday.  The food is amazing and you can't beat the price.  The Pig pizza is the best!! Especially the valet company that works there. Love Go Green Valet, they know us by name and keep are car close and will have it running when we walk outside to the valet stand ready for us.
Ok.  This place is really a 3.5.  We went here for Father's Day Brunch and it was good. Not excellent but good.  I had the Bangers and eggs.  The eggs were scrambled and were very tasty.  They came with small diced (why?) potatoes which were soggy and not so tasty.  Also the Bangers themselves weren't for me.  It's the first time I ever had Bangers so could just be a personal preference.  We also got the mimosas which were yummy!  One snafu:  my cousin wanted her steak and eggs well-done but the steak came out bleeding (yuck!) so she didn't eat it.  All in all, I've been to better brunch places, but this place is adequate for your brunch needs. 

NOTE: My husband liked his Bangers and mash and wants to go back so there's your second opinion.
after a night of drinking and all I wanted was a good burger to revive myself...Stripburger fit the bill. I had a standard cheese burger with pepper jack & the beef was the best that I have had in a long time. All burgers are cooked medium unless requested otherwise. The ingredients were fresh and the bun was heavenly. Of course you cant have a burger w\/o fries, so I scarfed down some of the best garlic & herb fries I have ever tasted...everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection. To top it all off, my bff and I shared a butterscotch milkshake with a shot of spiced rum...it was DIVINE! ONLY IN VEGAS BABY!
Omg! Went dine in for wings and found a pubic hair in the wings!  Disgusting disgusting disgusting!!!! Seriously get it together they just lost a customer!!!
The food is fantastic and the atmosphere is better. The trifecta seasoning is the way to go. Servers are fun and upbeat. I highly recommend it.
I have gone to one other don tortaco other than this one. I thought the food was far superior to Robertos but the service was terrible at this location. 
My boyfriend likes his burritos with meat, bean and rice. No guac and no pico. They wanted to charge him more for ingredients that cost less. And said they can't do that for him. They just lost a customer. Ended up going to Robertos.
Nice place in a great area. I got the Angus burger and it was about $17. The portion was just enough to get me full but the burger itself was just a tad bit boring. Definitely ask for a side of ketchup to put some sauce on it. Very nice presentation of the food though. 

My friend got the mushroom pasta (I forgot the correct term for it) for $18 and they thought it was okay. I tried it and it tasted very mushroom-y, so if you like that definitely get it. Not my thing though. My other friend got the seafood linguine (again wrong title but the gist of it is there) for $18 and they enjoyed it.

A pitcher of sangria was around $42 and even if it did taste good, man that price was steep. Also pop is not refillable! They filled my friend's ice tea with alot of ice and barely had any drink. Just ask for no ice if you want it! 

Staff is friendly and always around so that's a plus. They do give you complimentary bread for apps!

 Wasn't a big hit in terms of food personally but we had a great dinner as a whole.
I highly recommend this spot. As a new patient I came in to see Andrea Warburton who is a physician assistant. They got me an appt the day after I called which was awesome and after checking in I got right in. 

She was very sweet, highly educated and cut right to the point. I was coming as a new client because my previous doctor always had long waits and there were always issues. Although it was a quick appt I still left feeling like an important client because everything was taken care of that I needed. 

I wish I could give higher stars. Highly recommend. Great location, easy to find and very clean!
Came in on a Monday at lunch and it wasn't really busy. Really enjoy the environment. Though I'm not a fan of bench seating because it's obviously uncomfortable, the food and service makes up for it.

Tried the Spicy garlic pork katsu with cheese. It was massive, the pics don't show how massive the cutlet is. Meat was juicy, lots of flavour in the sauce and tons of fried cheesy garlic goodness.

Overall a nice experience with great service, would come back, but its an expensive lunch, was $17 before tax\/tip for lunch.
I went here a few days ago and tried there spicy ramen since that's what I usually always get when I go for ramen. After taking my first sip I noticed that their miso is watered down, there are many other places I've gone too that I feel are way more creamier, I even added butter and corn and usually when I do that it just becomes creamer at other ramen spots. Also, the noodles weren't my favorite. I felt like this place wasn't as authentic than other ones I've been to. all in all it wasn't bad but being that I've been to other places that I feel are better in my opinion made me compare. But on the plus side the service here was great, everyone was real nice and explained everything well.
In a city known for amazing hospitality the Elara's customer service is POOR. At check in the front desk clerk was cold and impossible to understand. When we found out the pool was closed he did not have an explanation as to why but told us we could drive to the other Hilton properties with pools on the other side of town. I asked if the Elara had any relationships with neighboring properties within walking distance with pools we could use and was told in a unfriendly tone NO. The following day we asked the Elara's 
front desk and concierge to ask the manager on duty if there was a time we tour a three bedroom suite for a group trip we had planned in the summer of 2014. The front desk clerk told us NO, with no explanation. When we asked why he said they were full. I was surprised because the it was a Wednesday in the middle of November, 2013. 
I checked online and there was ample availability, as not many people are in Vegas in November. I found the Elara's Concierge and Front Desk services unprofessional. The one bedroom suite (2505) was large and comfortable but the furnishings were worn and stains and tears were apparent on two of the chairs and lounges. 
Cleanliness was a problem and sheets had holes in them. With so many other resorts at comparable rates I would not recommend booking your stay here.
From my wife in an email sent to this establishment:

I am writing to inform you of the appalling service my mother and I received last night.
Let me begin by saying, I have never been more offended in my life. I left your restaurant nearly in tears.
My mother and I arrived on Saturday December 20th at around 5:30. When we arrived, there was only 1 other table occupied. As the evening progressed, the entire dining area was full with the exception of 1 table. This 1 table was set and waiting for guests. 
Our waitress then came to us and said " I really hate to do this but could you please take your drinks and move to the couch. We have an important guest coming and she gets crazy if her tables are not ready."
At this point we had yet to receive our check and were not done with dining. We had planned on having another drink as this was a birthday celebration for my mother and she was enjoying the experience so much, we were not ready to leave.
We then sat and stared at each other in disbelief. We could not believe it. I expressed my displeasure with our waitress. She was visibly uncomfortable and I find it disgusting that a manager sent her to do their dirty work and put her in that position.
Then walks in a woman who clearly thought she was royalty and your staff began racing around and pulling out chairs and taking their coats etc..
The woman then looked over at my mother and I and gave a sneer that let us know we were clearly a problem for her.
As soon as they sat down drinks and food were immediately placed in front of them and they were even asked if the temperature of the room was ok for them.
I do not know who this woman was, nor do I care.
But, my money was just as good as hers.
After leaving, i called my husband to tell him of the incident. He became furious and called and spoke with someone in charge. He was given numerous bs excuses and was told a 25 dollar gift certificate was waiting for us. That gift certificate will remain there. I will never be a patron at this establishment.
The gift certificate was only another slap in the face.
I would prefer for my bill to be refunded.
I have never been so appalled by a business.
My mothers birthday was ruined.

UPDATE

48 hours and 2 emails later and Swirl Wine Bar in Solon has yet to address the garbage they pulled this past weekend. 
So, if you want craptacular service and made to feel like a p.o.s. by all means visit this establishment!
The one main positive about staying at Harrahs was discovering Ice Pan.     This was pretty much our daily go to spot.    We tried a variety of flavors during our visit including mango, green grape, coconut, strawberry among others. 

The servers are so nice as well.    Our first visit D learned that the lady working there hailed from Japan originally so she and D struck a conversation just talking about that. 

As she was making my ice cream and talking to D I couldn't help but notice some kind of contraption she had on her face covering part of her mouth.   I realized later on it was there to keep their saliva from hitting any part of the ice pans or your future ice cream.   So cool.

The remaining days we chatted with a worker from Bulgaria.  The workers were so nice which in addition to the tasty and healthier product was another reason for our return visits.

So sad they don't have a place like this in Chicagoland.  When we get back to Vegas, this will definitely be a spot worth returning to no matter where we stay at next time.
Everyone says that you must try some buffets when travel in LAS. Then I choose the famous Bellagio... We came here in early afternoon, so we didn't wait. 

Food here didn't surprise us, just good. For the snow crab legs, well... not fresh, no flavor, placed on ice. Honestly, I can't say it's a must-try. But the dessert is good.

雪蟹腿是冰镇的，很一般。
Pretty nice hotel bar\/restaurant.  We only had the breakfast, we ordered off of the menu, but the buffet looked delicious and well stocked.  Our omelets were really good, and fruit plates were sweet and ripe.   Good coffee.  We hung out and had drinks there two nights, and were satisfied.
Service was great! (thank you, Patty!) Mimosa with my choice of oven-baked eggs. (Nice chunks of braised beef, so tender). Today is Sunday and there is live jazz. Great music but a bit too loud for my liking. Over all a nice brunch. No problem parking.
I just treated my son-in-law who is a Marine Corps veteran to a Veterans Day lunch at Tokyo Sushi Buffet and we had a terrific meal.

There is a tremendous variety of sushi, hot dishes, salads and desserts.  While the quality may not measure up to what he enjoyed while stationed on Okinawa Japan, he and I both thoroughly enjoyed the food, variety, value, care in preparation and attentive service.

$10.99 for lunch is truly remarkable.
Charming little shop that transports me back in time every time I walk in. The owner is such a pleasant person, fun to talk to, and sets reasonable prices. 

As a collector of everything owl, I go to thrift and retro shops to seek out pieces for my stockpile. I haven't found any here yet, but I'll keep trying when I'm in the area. I have found some funky coffee table books, art, and ashtrays. 

If you appreciate things from decades gone by, it's definitely worth stopping in. One never knows what they'll find!
Service was bad. We had the all you can eat and some of it was good some of it was just ok. Their pricing for makgeoli was ridiculous. It was just as expensive as the raspberry wine which is expensive to begin with. Also gratuity is added to the bill so you can't control how much you tip based on service which was awful btw. Also the workers like to talk sh*t about you in korean among themselves.  The side dishes were pretty good though. They are overpriced in my opinion for some of the stuff. Also since gratuity is included I suggest you make the workers work for it since they didn't for us. Also sometimes they cook for you and sometimes they don't.
Best service and best shirts in town. Appreciate the talented folks on your team who always help with design and placement to get the best end product possible.
Oh what a ... show. 

Before you go, know that: This will be a stressful experience. You will wait. You will encounter humans behaving on a less-than-civilized level (this is a BUFFET afterall). You will stuff your face well beyond gluttony. You will see the worst and best of humanity. But just keep this in mind: This is not real life, this is a one-time experience. 

The food is good, you can eat yourself around the world, but save room for the endless crab legs. 

I'm glad I went, but I'm even more glad it's over :)
Cute place, food-not so much.  The beef rib I had was extremely tough and the brisket was not very good either.  Sides we just so-so, as were their two different sauces.  Best part of the meal was the canned soda.
Shajuan is the best server here. He's really cool. Hooked us up with free shots. I would highly recommend this place. They have great service!
Located at the end of the Forum shops at the Venetian.  Large aquarium tank and screens on top portion of the walls.  Large anamatronic statues that rise from below and sibling rivalry that leads to the fall of Atlantis!  The kids enjoyed it and so did we.  The coolest part is the pyrotechnics.  Shows are every hour and you will want to get there early for the best view.
It's alright.  Half off for locals (a big reason why my husband likes it) and it's better than the station casino buffets.  I guess if you're hungry and don't have a lot of money.. why not?
My fav desert place in Toronto!!! Great owners, friendly staff. They always have fresh baked cakes and pastry. All is natural and very tasty. They use fresh whipped cream and strawberries, good quality chocolate... They have different types if chocolate , coffee, pastry... You can also grab a lunch or breakfast.., 
Love it!!
Stopped in at the Lucky Bar. Very lively on Thanksgiving night. Everyone was friendly and our bartender took great care of us! Recomment their house dirty martini on happy hour!
Between my wife and I we had White Sangria, house salad, Margarita, and the seared tuna during happy hour. Very impressed with $16 tab.

Very industrial feel, would call it a nice place for casual people. Food was wonderful, the margarita was fairly strong.
The last time I went to Shawnee there were three bark park rules being broken:
1. People were smoking
2. Some loser kid was terrorizing my dog
3. Poop was everywhere

At first I loved coming to this park but certain dog owners really know how to ruin the experience for everyone there. I can't believe some people are such inconsiderate jerks by smoking, letting their kids act like dogs, and not cleaning up after your dogs.
My husband and I will not be wasting our time here again. For those interested in a genuinely nice bark park in Chandler check out Paseo Vista Recreational Area instead. Your dog will thank you for it!

http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz\/paseo-vista-recreational-area-chandler
The saying you get what you pay for... does not apply here. I get so much more at a Chinese buffet for half the price. 
We came here because the estimated wait for Bacchanals at caesars was more than 4 hours. I was craving crab legs and oysters so bad and the buffet at wicked spoon and bellagio was about the same wait. 
I should have known when the cashier rang up the bill and it was only 60ish... for TWO people... half of the price of the other buffets. 
There was nothingggg to eat... I ate 7 crab legs and some broccolini and Brussels sprouts. They were flavorless. Just boiled in plain water. Decided to try some fried chicken... they looked SO dry it's still sitting on my plate. Had two bites of the ribs and just gave up. The sushi? Oh god... frozen fish! Terrible. Didn't even go back to the meat section... went to try the dessert... nope. Had one bite and everything is just sitting on my plate. 
One star for the root beer. I got myself seconds on the soda. Only thing that filled me up. 
Reminder to self- no matter how much you crave crab legs, do not come here. Save the money and go to bacchanals at caesars another day. It's most definitely worth the 70$ per person! 
The two and half stars are no joke.
Maybe i'm being unfair, but i'm hispanic and grew up around tons of real cuban food. Definitely lacking in flavour. And everything was so overpriced. It can't be a good sign if not one single hispanic person eats there. 

I order the pork and beef hash, that came with saffron rice and a fruit salad. It was so mediocre that i didn't know why i was paying $20 for it. 

The corn fritters were really good though. the guacamole was also lacking, and when the waitress asked if we wanted guacamole she made it seemed like it was part of the dinner. 

aside from the decor which has a nice cozy feeling to it, don't bother if you actually want real cuban food. 

wouldn't go back there.... apparently only hipsters with extra money and no taste buds appreciate it.
Went in this morning with a catering order and Travis killed it. Remembered all the small details and helped me out a lot with suggestions. Super knowledgeable employee!
I'd like to give a huge thank you to Headkace for the work they did on my 05 softail project!!! First thank you to Micheal Cunningham for the amazing design!!! Shaun G for the quality work!!! His attention to detail on the build and fab turned my bike into an incredible high quality piece of art work that rides awesome. Type one restoration for the AMAZING paint job and especially Krash Daddy for his amazing pin striping!!!! Finally my biggest thank you goes to Mary Beth!!! She is amazing to deal with!!! She was always honest and upfront when it came to timelines and prices!! Also, she made sure the quality of work that was promised was delivered on!! To all of Headkace I can't thank them enough. They gave me honest advice one options for this complete custom rebuild. I never had a question on the price or pros\/cons of parts choices we used. The quality of work they gave me is awesome!!!
Have been there twice.  Family run, we were treated like personal guests.  Food is cooked by owners.  Waiter said 'My Mom made the dessert'...how could we resist?
If it's an emergency, they will generally see you asap.  When we used to live in Desert Ridge, we had 2 dogs, 2 cats, there were times when I needed a vet immediately, and generally they will accommodate you in such a demise.  They see you pretty efficiently, but of course they will suggest things that I feel are not merited to add onto a bill, but it's your right to question their additions and refuse, of course.  I've never found them to be arrogant or pushy, they will easily offer other options, or be ok with your decision.

During 1 extremely difficult period with our beloved Rottie\/Sheppard Mix, they were very understanding to the emotional distress we were experiencing with regards to his advancing old age - he was 17.  They were happy to provided us with care during his aging.  Sadly, it came to a point that his quality of life was no longer conducive to allowing him to continue in the state he was, and it when it came to making the horrible and very sad decision to allow them to put him down, the entire staff were so understanding, caring, and totally sympathetic to our demise.  They allowed us to hold him, cradle him and pet him the whole time.  We were allowed as much time as we wanted before, during and after the whole life-altering circumstance.  They even sent us a sympathy card, signed by all the staff, after the terrible ordeal we went through.

During another trying experience we had to endure, our boxer mix was attacked by another dog and needed emergency care.  We were now closer, and under the care of the Tatum\/Shea location, but they were unable to see us.  This location was able to open up their schedule to see us under this distressing circumstance.  They provided expert care and glad to say that he mended just fine, with no lasting ill-effects.
We went on Vegas balloon rides as a surprise gift for our engagement, it was absolutely fantastic! The pilots did a fantastic job flying and were very entertaining and informative for the whole trip. I would highly recommend them to anyone who enjoys a good view and good company!
Every touring comedian I've seen there was good.  The hosts are so-so.  Kinda lame.  
But in order to make a great experience service is right up there w the performers.  Last night I had possibly the worst service in my life. 
The waitress took my boyfriends food order & then walked off before asking me! I ended up just sharing with him.  
It's a 2 drink minimum yet either of us getting a second drink failed to happen.  I FINALLY was asked & got mine but the show ended before I finished.  & my boyfriend NEVER got a refill even tho he paid $12 for "bottomless iced tea". My irritation was distracting me from the show.  The place was half full & this was the service.  Nice.
Came just today for Sunday lunch, and not sure if it's just me, but their portions seem much smaller than before.  I wasn't full after eating a sandwich, salad, and some of my son's mac & cheese.

The mac & cheese was very bland, and their smoked meat poutine isn't anything near what we had from their food truck a while back.

Fortunately, our friends & the kids were happy! Very disappointing, I think that was our last visit to the Yorkville location.
Girls! Pearls! Sparkles! Sequins! SwirLS!!! These Ladies know what you like, they've got it in Oodles! And they're dishin' it uP! *::In Spades::* This is Most certianly is As Good As it Gets when it Comes tto the Local Vegas Grassroots Burlesque Scene, Classic Burlesque in shades with Lot's of Variety, a great Venue, and an ever-evolving set of routines means there's every good reason to make this a standard 'treat yourself' night out, or a part of your weekly routine to let loose and blow off some work-week steam. Hoop holler Yell-iT-Up and Show these Ladies Some Love, They Deserve Every 'HowL' and 'Ahhh-OOooGaaHHh~!! at the Hooten-anny~!!!
Went here last Friday around lunchtime and they took me right away. I got the deluxe spa pedicure and it was honestly the best pedi I've ever gotten! The nail tech was thorough and very nice also. I live just down the road and will be making this my regular nail spot now.
The Root is just one of those one-of-a-kind coffee shops that develops a following and a sort of "culture" of its own.

They come for the fantastic eats, which will satisfy anyone although The Root is definitely a vegan\/vegetarian restaurant.  As a non-vegetarian, I still swoon for the many desserts in their case, especially the spice cupcakes and pumpkin whoopie pies.  Their occasional raw food options are delish.  And they serve the truly unusual in the realm of veggie options--root vegetable cheese-free pizzas, tempeh biscuits and gravy, BBQ raw vegan lettuce wraps, and more.

Also, the many coffee and tea drink offerings go above and beyond.  Beyond Starbucks or even their locally owned competition, that is.  This is one of very few coffee places I know of that knows the difference between wet and dry foam (on a cappuccino or similar drink, this means a heavier, creamier foamed milk or the light and airy foam most are used to), serves unusual tea lattes, and can modify herbal tea blends, since they have the loose leaves right there.  

Obviously, this is going to attract an eclectic, indie, alternative crowd (whatever your preferred terminology is, you know what I mean).  And if you're part of that, or peripheral to that, this is where you'll meet awesome people, attend open mic nights, and run into old friends that just happen to be meeting up here.  It's a very lively atmosphere in that respects, and attracts young and old.  Rarely do I care about the social dynamics of a place, but I've grown to realize how nice it is to go be among like-minded people in a vibrant setting.  This is it.
We used Rose Tuxedo for the men in our wedding. They did a great job! We needed specific shirts, and they were able to accommodate. We had some guys coming into town and needed to get fit at the last minute, and they worked with us to make all alterations on time. The employees were nice and took great care of us. The place is not in the best part of town, but if you can get past the location and know you are getting a great deal and will be taken care of, use Rose Tuxedo for any event requiring a tuxedo or suit!!!
great dry cleaner- however quite pricey!!!!
J'ai essayé le resto pour la première fois aujourd'hui & je n'ai pas été déçue. J'y suis allée pour dîner avec mon copain. 

L'accueil et le service étaient courtois et efficaces. J'ai beaucoup aimé le fait que la serveuse nous questionne sur nos allergies dès notre arrivée. L'ambiance était relax, mais le resto est assez chic pour une date. 

J'ai commencé avec une salade du jardin, la vinaigrette était simple mais très bonne. Nous avons tous les deux pris l'option de faire nos propres pâtes. L'attente était un peu longue malgré le fait que l'endroit n'était pas si bondé, mais nos pâtes valaient l'attente! La sauce arrabiata était très bonne et bien épicée. Les portions étaient assez généreuses; j'ai dû rapporter le reste de mon plat. 

Le prix était intéressant en formule du midi, environ 35$ avec taxes pour nous deux. Nous allons clairement y retourner!
They do a really good job here at making banh mi. I've had banh mi from Cali and Chicago so i understand the art of a good banh mi. I had the special and they asked if I wanted to keep the pickling separate until I'm ready to eat it at home. That's really thoughtful because when I got home, I toasted the banh mi in the toaster oven for a few minutes to get that extra cruch factor and then added the pickling. The meat was delicious and the pickling was just perfect. The length of the bread alone was more than I expected. I'm glad that there is a good banh mi place in Charlotte. Can't wait to try other items on the menu.
Horrible....  all my Christmas gifts never were delivered (they were stolen from this store location) Not even 4 hours after dropping them off on December 24th for the United States Postal Service in sealed package\/metered the gift cards were used.  Police report filed. Tampering with Federal Mail=felony.
The food here is decent, but I won't return after how my boyfriend and I have repeatedly been treated. 

Everytime we visit the restaurant, it's the same thing. We end up waiting forever to have our orders taken, and the waitresses are rude and never check up on our table. Having a partner who worked in some of the finest restaurants on the strip sit down to a meal with me, and be treated as such, is absolutely apalling. 

The last straw, was when I ordered a dish, and the taste was fishy and rancid, and the noodles were over-cooked. When I asked for the manager, the girls were extremely rude and combative, until finally, we had the manager come to our table. After politely explaining that the dish simply did not taste edible, the manager was defensive and condescending, and told me that the dish is "supposed to taste like that." The dish was supposed to taste like garbage? He refused to take it off our bill or even swap it out for something else. We paid and left promptly, and never returned. I was shocked. Never have I experienced someone so incredibly rude to me in a dining experience!

The lack of customer service greatly over shadows the food. After our third visit with horrible service, we will never be back again.

If you want UNBELIEVABLY bad service with management and servers who do not know what they are doing, then by all means, this is the place for you.
Enjoyed playing at the Cue Club last week, during a stop over while driving through.  It's a big well equipped pool hall with a full bar.  Tim the bartender did a great job keeping it all moving and made us feel welcome.  The tables looked well kept and the one we played on was very good.  The price was right, the beer was cold.  The world needs more pool halls like this.
Any day you can get your picture taken with the Stanley Cup is a GREAT day!!! The building was very clean and the set up made it easy to move from exhibit to exhibit. Being able to see the trophies that are awarded each year and read the names of the players and teams that have hoisted these in the past was a real treat. The hands on section was fun, but there were a lot of people and that area was the most cramped and hard at times to move around comfortably.
I got a gel manicure here recently and the young man accidentally cut my cuticle and over used the drill bit on my nail to where it very uncomfortable. If you are applying gel to a finger nail, over using a Carbide Nail Drill bit is not necessary and uncomfortable. Not to mention the polish chipped within the next few days. The crying baby in the salon didn't help either.
Atmosphere was very loud. Communal seating means you will be sitting with strangers. The food wasn't bad, but was waaaay overpriced and too salty. This is basically mexican street fare, things like tamales. How can you charge $15 for a tamale? The service was also subpar. The waiter was not very attentive and appeared annoyed at some of our questions. He did not check on us or refill our drinks. There are MANY BETTER SIMILAR RESAURANTS IN LAKEWOOD! Taco Tonto's, Barrio, Barroco, El Tango, all within 5 min of this place! Save your money and go to one of those. This place is way to TRENDY AND OVERPRICED. There is no reason to go here when you can go to a great place like El Tango and get a better meal in a less pretentious atmosphere at half the price!
First timer right when we walked in feels very modern and clean. The food pictures\/quality looked very good can't wait to try them!
The arena is amazing, but. 

The employees here have no knowledge of what's going on from parking to tickets. 

Pre buy your parking tickets if you have a car it's cheaper. 

If you have a groupon make sure you go to the ticket box office for will call and pick up your tickets first before you wait 30 mins in the entrance line and have to go back outside.

Three of the employees outside told us we can just use the groupon tickets. They were obviously uninformed and made us late to our show.

The lady at the box office kept leaving her post so we were third in line but still waited 30 mins for that. 

The ticket scanner lady was frustrated had no clue what was happening and was very rude. 

Overall it's an beautiful great place but the service sucked.
This is Mediterranean fast food.

If you're anything like me, you eventually get a sick gut and stomach thanks to greasy food over and over again. Fremont can make the gut rot happen to just about anyone!

This place is a cheap, simple and straight forward spot to get a wrap with some nice veggies. 

A good find in the ocean of chili dogs and burgers!
I just completed my first month at PB Phoenix and I am AMAZED at the changes in my body both physically and mentally.  I have always hated working out and I actually look forward to going to pure barre. I attend the early morning classes and wake up even earlier than I have to because I am so excited to go to pure barre. The girls there are SO nice and the studio is clean, chic and very welcoming. As a full time grad student and young professional it is hard to catch a break, but at pure barre I have found my personal time. Pure barre provides the mental benefits of yoga that I personally did not get from yoga. During pure barre I do not have time to think of the stress of the day- I am able to let go of my worries. I LOVE IT! It makes me so happy!!

Yes- it is expensive, but you cannot put a price on the results you get from pure barre. The instructors take time to make sure that you are using correct form and maximizing your time in the class. It is almost like having a personal trainer (which would essentially be a lot more expensive). The girls are not intimidating, they are patient and   SO helpful. I researched pure barre for a long time before I decided to spend the money and do it and my only regret is not starting sooner. I would highly recommend anyone who is looking to change their body and mind to try pure barre!
gute park möklichkeiten ganz passable auswahl preise in allen kategorien und die beratung war  an und für sich auch ganz gut aber als wir den artikel dann kaufen wollten wurde uns mitgeteilt das der ausgeschriebene preis nicht der richtige sei (dem verkäufer der uns beraten hat dem ist das nicht aufgefallen) und das produkt somit 70EUR teurer ist- das war wohl eine aktion von vor 3 wochen ansich nicht schlimm, passiert  wir sind alle nur menschen aber ein kurzes entschuldigung das war ein versehen erwarte ich in so einer situation von einem einzelhandelsmitarbeiterweit gefehlt! die haben ein riesen tam tam im laden gemacht- uns war das schon fast peinlich letzen endes sind wir ohne artikel gegangen und sind bei baby one in leinfelden fünig geworden- übrigends ist hier auch der service, die auswahl und die testmöglichkeit VIEL besser!
Reading through the other reviews, I'm surprised to see so many poor comments related to people's experiences on the trip, and with customer service. I took a trip to Morocco a couple years ago through the company and it was amazing. Accommodations obviously vary depending on the countries you visit; but they were very reasonable at all stops along the way (including our night sleeping in tents in the Sahara!). If you're looking to travel in five star hotels, this isn't what you're looking for. But, I was in it for the adventure! And all the rooms were clean and spacious. I especially liked that I could purchase my own room while traveling with the group. I'm a strong introvert, so a little quiet at the end of the day was important to me. Our CEO (Chief Experience Officer - cheesy but who cares) was spectacular. He always kept us well informed, made great recommendations, and made us feel safe the entire time. Many in the group were single females like myself; so I think we all appreciated the company and the tour for this reason. It was easy to get around as transportation was provided the entire way. I especially loved all the unique little homes we visited and people we met, thanks to our CEO, that I definitely never would have experienced while planning the trip on my own. 

Being so happy with the first experience, I've now booked my second with my boyfriend to travel to South East Asia for two weeks. For me, the customer service has been spectacular. I called to book the trip over the phone, and was done in less than five minutes (it's almost TOO easy to book the travel, says my poor credit card). They follow up with information regarding their required travel insurance, but aren't pushy about it. I've called a few times with questions (regarding getting visas) as well as adding additional nights in Bangkok, and each time the person on the phone was friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and efficient. I booked our flights separate from the company only because I wanted to explore different airlines and wanted more flexibility on the flights I chose. So, I can't speak to booking flights though the company. But, every other corner of my experience with G Adventures has been great and I actively recommend them to friends and family.
Best and largest soft serve ice cream in the city! Seriously, they have to bring the cones out the side door they're so large. They just recently got rid of their credit card minimum, too! 

PS - this photo is a kiddie cone!
We greatly enjoyed our date night here. The Lamb Biryani was great. I had the Chicken Kabobs and thought they were good but not great. Try the Mango Lasi!!
I've been going to Day Break for 3-4 years now and always leave feeling better than when I walked in.  Perry is a very experienced therapist and has endless knowledge of techniques to draw upon based on your needs.  Sara is also amazing, after telling her of a couple of problem areas, she worked on them both and made the problems go away.  
My only complaint is not having enough time to get in to get worked on more often.  

I will be back, again and again and hopefully soon!
My absolute favorite cupcake shop in the city! Sprinkles whaaaaaattt? These cupcakes are from a mom and pop shop, homemade fresh daily! They have a really cool chalk wall you can write on too. Definitely recommended.
yellow tail sashimi with jalapenos= out of this world

The reason why I am giving it a 3 star instead of 5 is because I've been to the Malibu location for Nobu and it is a lot better. Also, there is no bathroom in the restaurant, you have to walk through the casino, through the nasty drunken guys who whistle and harrass you, just so you can go to the bathroom, it makes it hard to enjoy your cocktail during dinner when you know if you gotta go, you'd have to make a journey to find the restroom, and once you're there, there's a huge line full of drunk girls waiting to use the restroom as well. I would think for such a high scale restaurant, that there would at least be a bathroom inside. 

Other than that.. the food's amazing, the bloodymary was delicious, the sangria was good too! The service is acceptable for the price you are paying for, and it's great because they expanded the place, so there is rarely a wait to be seated. p.s. the dessert is presented really pretty thaty you don't want to ruin it by eating it lol
Great little cafe, stopped in to wait for my ride after a long overnight bus ride. Good espresso and friendly owner. I just had the coffee, but the food looked delicious and really reasonably priced.
I called Copperline Plumbing to fix my garbage disposal , plumber came on time and fixed the garbage disposal quickly, efficiently, and with great service. 

Superb plumbing services. Highly Recommend it to all without any doubt.
Jay Adrian did such a great job maintaining my apartment during my lease that I got on yelp just to give him Woohoo! As good as it gets! review.  Really nice guy, easy to talk to and always willing to help.
There are two No Grease options in the greater Charlotte area.

This location had a pool table and a cool staff. Dominque is my barber of choice here and he manages the location. Haircuts are a lite pricey at $20+, but that's the norm for No Grease. Also, you have to make an appointment. Don't try to walk in.
As mentioned by other Yelpers, this is the sister restaurant to another local favourite, The Apricot Tree. And like it's sister resto - Bistro Narra is a gem!

ATMOSPHERE: It's not a very large restaurant, but compared to The Apricot Tree, it is much more light and airy. With more contemporary look\/décor, and lots of windows allowing light through. Great for dates, and family occasions too.

SERVICE: Love the service here! Staff are super professional - look and act like servers in upscale restaurants. They're very attentive.

PRICE: Affordable. Entrées for dinner range from $15-$30.

FOOD: Super fresh ingredients, and beautifully presented dishes. Also mentioned by someone else, menu is similar to Th Apricot Tree's - as in there is some overlap but there are different regular dishes too. The dessert menu is also not as extensive. But they also have their own version of Crepe Festival too.

I've been here many times since it's opening, and will definitely be back again!
First time @ TR. Was there for takeout. Ambiance is great, big booth, doesn't have an intimate feel, but the multicoil lighting is pretty cool. 

I ordered
Malaysian chicken curry - 5\/5. 
The best dish by far. Strong coconut taste, thick gravy, nice pieces of protein. Comes with white rice and honestly that's all you need

House Thai noodles - 5\/5.
Very flavourful, good quantity of protein and veggies. 

House fried rice - 4\/5.
Great flavours. Different veggies that what you vet at most Chinese restaurants. The one issue I have is that the rice felt slightly mushy, but nothing to dislike it. 

Garlic shrimp - 4\/5.
Nothing exceptional.  But it was flavourful. Too much veggies. 

Calamari - 3\/5
Average deep fried, comes with veggies garnish and deep fried chips, bit they were tough and chewy. 

They would also do well to drop their prices slightly. The final bill made me wince slightly. 

I would go there again and recommend to friends and family. 




Basil Beef - 2\/5.
The big disappointment. Nice flavours but the beef was overcooked. Way too tough. Management would benefit from changing cut of meat used.
My husband had his hair cut by Bob.  Its the best haircut I have seen on him in ages!  Thanks for making my husband look handsome!
Don't come here if you want a true nightclub experience.  You should look into club XS or club Marquee for that.  Surrender is more like a drinks lounge that turns defaults into a club when it gets overcrowded.  People start dancing in the walkways, there are no seating areas unless you get bottle service; etc.  This spillover areas were planned poorly so the foot traffic inside proves to be difficult on busy nights.  

Expect to pay normal prices for drinks and bottle service.  I would recommend bottle or cabana service if you have a large group simple because there are no seating areas.  This area is probably much better during the warmer seasons, since I did see pool and outdoor areas, but it was too cold so they were closed off.

Like the other few major nightlife venues in Vegas, Surrender books big names.  Steve Aoki played, with a surprise experience by Tiesto and Diplo.  Steve Aoki really drove the energy of the crowd, but the venue itself wasn't all that great.
Great Red Curry!! It was so creamy, will definitely go back again!
The Americanos here are amazing!!!! This coffee shop is a great spot in leslieville. They have a wonderful layout with a nice patio in front of shop. Interior is very interesting mix between modern and authentic vibe. It has a great seating arrangement with an open and friendly atmosphere. Pricing is very fair and standard for speciality drinks. Will return for sure.
Steam Plus did a nice job on our carpets and sectional. He arrived on time and worked efficiently, and offered to match the original price even though he did an estimate over the phone. He also answered the phone from his truck, which got him my business in the first place.
Love this place! The Spicy miso soup is my absolute favorite! The happy hour is great! Five star, I recommend :-)
I've been taking my dog here for about 2 years. They are always consistent, nice, reasonably priced, and they can always get her in on a short notice. My work schedule doesn't allow me much time in advance to plan appointments like this so it's great that she can get in rather quickly. They are under new ownership for now and they are also great!!! I have moved to Gilbert, and I still drive my dog all the way here to get her groomed because they are so good. I have no intention on changing groomers!
Had the asada tlycao here very good for afternoon but not too filling. The tlycao comes with a special sour cream and a taco with black beans processed into the taco itself which is quite tasty. The tylcao was good and we got seats so that was a plus. Better though for takeout.
Love this place!! If you are on a diet, don't come here. Large portions and great tasting food. The pancake was about the size of a hubcap... No joke !!
I'm a chick fil a addict. This location does very well with professionalism and quality food. The play place is very nice and clean. The service is quick and very responsive to my wants. We are very happy with this location.
This is an amazing house of worship. I moved to Charlotte in January of 2016. Until last month I have been looking for a place to worship besides my home church in SC. This place feels like home. You will receive an awesome word and heavenly singing and you are welcome with warm faces and love.
Hertz agent Willie Fata was exceptional. It was an extremely busy weekend due to NASCAR. Willie took extra care and time to find a solution in getting us into a vehicle. He made our weekend.
We had a 3 ton and a 4 ton unit installed and duct sealing. Everyone was great and we recommend the company.  Our professionals were Mick C., Valentino, Rodrigo A., Robert A., and Steve D.
I dislike how popular this place has become!  I don't want to wait an hour to be seated when I am HANGRY (which I always am when I come here)!  LOL!!  It's a good sign that the food is amazing but it still sucks to wait when I'm HANGRY!   I do like that they give you free slushies as a "thank you for waiting so long" - it keeps the kids happy!!  Service is phenomenal and the meat is so freaking amazing!  I absolutely love the brisket on top of the rice balls and dipped in the Hobak sauce!  Oh Hobak Sauce - how I love you!!  I could eat anything and everything soaked in Hobak sauce!  The glass noodle appetizer is my favorite and the potato pancakes are a must for me!  You can't go wrong here!  It's also a great place for a birthday as they turn the music up and bring you a dessert with a sparkler.  The tables are quite small and there isn't much room for your belongings.  I choose to leave my purse at home when we come here.  Beer, wine and Soju are served here - no hard alcohol.  The bathrooms offer free tooth brushes.  Hobak needs to expand or open a second location!
The station is amazing and the studios rock having been to the studio more then once is great and the outdoor kitchen is a sweet touch
Very good but not the best tapas I've ever had.  Actually had good service for a group of 9 and the restaurant was also pretty busy.  Though all the plates we ordered were good nothing stood out to me as fantastic.  The drinks however were fantastic and those were the most memorable of the night.  Especially the espresso martini which was mind blowing.  Location is a little off the strip but not more than a 5 min Uber ride away.  Nice to get away from the Vegas prices but this place is not cheap by any means just more of a bargain than anything on the strip. Would return!
Steak, egg & cheese breakfast sandwich... delicious!  The bread was the perfect mix of hard outside and soft inside.  The steak was tender, hot and flavorful.  I wish we would have been able to go back the following day to try the chicken breakfast sandwich!  Everything looked amazing!  The staff was super friendly, and the food came out very quickly.  I will be going back next time I'm in charlotte!
I used to work in the area so I came here quite often with co-workers.  One of my favorite place for Italian veal cutlet sandwiches and panzerottis .  Pizza is avg, crust is too thick for my liking.  But the place is great and has an old school atmosphere that I like.  Be forewarned though, the portions are massive!
Loved the khao soi - have tried it at other restaurants but none seems to compare. It's a shame that the line is always ridiculous.
Purchased my Nitro here in 2008 and have been a loyal customer since then. Eric was a wonderful salesman and Bill Cannto in the service department is the absolute best!!!! Over the years, all services on the Nitro have been done at Village & I have never had an issue. I have a little over 142,000 miles on the truck and it still looks good and runs perfectly!!!!
This place. I can't even... It is just incredible. AND now a second location!!! The best french pastries I've ever had. Wait. The best pastries I've ever had! And the most artful too!

Walking in you're met with the most amazing smell you've ever experienced in your life. Then you gaze across the display of beautiful creations, you almost don't wait to eat them. But you do. And you enjoy them, immensely. There really isn't a pasty I've had that I didn't like. The almond croissants are my fave's, but I also enjoy their pistachio desserts and chocolate wafer-like desserts. Forgive me for not remembering their proper name. I think I was too busy shoving them in my mouth.

This location is a lot bigger than their orginal one, plus the free parking lot is a major perk compared to the Lawrenceville street parking. Plus, there's free wifi! I think it would be dangerous to sit here for a while...
Got takeout from Miu's tonight. We initially planned on dining in, but upon our arrival, we quickly realized that it was way too awkward and weird, even for us, so we opted for takeout. Let me explain. The inside feels like an elementary school cafeteria, minus the chittering of small children. In fact, not only were there no children screams, but there were no sounds at all. It was silent. No music or even an air conditioning vent murmuring. There were about three tables of people and they were all whispering. It was WEIRD. We still wanted to try the food so sat down and looked at the menu. We ordered takeout and waited 40 minutes. Finally, the server (the only one we ever saw, and she was very nice and accommodating, for the record) gave us our food and the check and off we went.

We ordered the Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce (spicy), the Dan Dan noodles (REALLY spicy), the Kung Pao Chicken, and the Beef Lo Mein. The beef Lo Mein was decent, the pork belly was sub par (albiet very interesting for those who like something different), and the dan dan noodles were just bad. I didn't try the kung pao chicken, but my husband seemed to like it.

Overall, I'd probably not come back. It wasn't great, the establishment lacks any kind of comfortable homey feel, and the food took forever to come out. A solid 2 stars, as the food wasn't inedible and the server was very sweet.
Sigh.....we came here because our group wristbands we got at the excalibur worked here as well and the buffet at excalibur was horrible, so we made the  trek over to Luxor and tried it. There was more variety and it seemed that a lot of the food was more fresh and stayed warmer longer. The desserts were way better. The service still sucked...and they still expect a tip just as they did at excalibur.  I was juggling my three year old twins and asked for an extra plate and the waitress just told me to go get one off the buffet....okie dokie, no tip for you! 
One thing that was disappointing was that while they did have crab claws, legs, and crawfish, half of what we got was cold and still frozen. So, with that, it got knocked down several pegs and made it not worth the trip. We MIGHT try it again next time we are here, if I happen to see a ton of rave reviews.
This place is awesome. 

For what it is, a great little neighborhood beer joint that is consistently solid.

Good food, GREAT BEER, and cool staff.

Been coming here for almost 10 years.
Amateur Hour.
Waited for our delivery for three hours. 
Original order (obviously automated) went to our work address not home, even though specifically gave new address with instructions.
Called in shift leader was nice enough, comped food. 

However, after we had to reorder, the second time food was still sitting in kitchen 80 min later. Called in, was on hold for 10 minutes.

Bottom line is delivery is shoddy and unreliable. Mostly because they automate and don't  follow up.

3rd time around got here quickly. 2 stars for that. It's still decent food.
Dr. Santora did my brother's PRK surgery and the staff was awesome! They were kind and walked us through the whole surgery before. I have already recommended them to my friends who want their eyes done.
We had to wait a little while for food but the staff was all super friendly and the manager was going around giving free meals to all the customers who had to wait awhile for their food. Food was delish! Definitely recommend this place to anyone!
I rarely eat McDonald's but whenever I do and I'm on this side of town staying at my mom's.. and I need a quick bite before or after a night out, this is usually my spot since my mom lives in the neighborhood right across. The graveyard crew is always friendly, especially the night supervisor\/manager. And definitely quick service.
I was torn about reviewing this place.  It is not disgusting, but just not great. It also greatly depends on people's prior experiences, budget and taste.  I have been twice.  Once many years ago with a package deal and recently with a groupon.  For a budgeted person, this is probably a decent place.  It has issues, but is not five star.  

 It was a "fine" experience, it is mediocre with lots of small issues that just add up.  I do feel good from my massage, but the bathroom condition was horrible, while it was clean.  Everything was broken...water handle, no purse hook, one stall was closed.  The tables were wood or metal and hard.  I have never had a facial without the steamer on my face. I liked the facialist more than the masseuse, but think her facial was probably very limited.  She did not do many, many things that pretty much everyone does.  And the towels were cold and drippy.   My experience was fine, but just had small issues....also the masseuse asked not once, twice, but three times for different upgrades....beyond tacky and I know you made her do it.  I had by this time bought, paid for and booked my preference.  I actually prefer a full service spa, but realize there are different grades of places.  FYI, to others, ask if they have a hot tub\/steam room if you want to know if a new place is a full service spa or just a monthly budget massage place.   Oh, and I know it cannot be helped but the masseuse was overweight and when she bent over her stomach kept brushing me.  She was not extremely obese, but it was distracting and made me uncomfortable.  But she actually had skills and I do feel destressed from her massage.  The facialist was a sweet woman, but her skills were just not there.  

Now the last time many years ago, I chalked up to time and management.  I also booked an advertised package of haircut, manicure and massage.  I remember thinking that it was very loud and that is not relaxing when getting a massage.  Staff talking and gossiping.  Again, I only mostly go to high end spas.  But then the manicurist just doesn't show up and they don't have another and he tells me I can come back another day.  I don't live extremely close to just come back for a manicure.  And I remember that it was nearly an hour in the haircut chair and the girl literally put her finger to her face and said a puzzling "hmm".  She had no clue how to cut hair and got lost in the layering of a simple haircut.  She just kept snipping one strand of hair until I just got up and said I have to go.  

Again, this is not my typical place, but did decide to get a budget massage and at least that was better than normal.  I have went to the monthly places and they rub lotion on you and send you home.  But I have never gotten up out of a hair cut chair before and walked out.  Nor that they just don't have staff for a booked reservation. 

This place is the toss of the dice for a person on a budget I guess.  They do keep running package promos because it seems they cannot build a client base or regular staff.
Nasty fried tacos. It only comes with raw onions and clintros. Fish looks like French fries with no seasoning.  Bad.  Really bad!
What a great dinner we had! I highly recommend ordering the bread and cauliflower dish to start! My husband said the squid pasta is one of the best he has ever had. We will definitely be returning!
We are snow birds who have been eating here  for four seasons. We have tried many of the selections and have found all of them excellent!  Of course we have our favorites like the fried shrimp and fried oysters! We had a shrimp poboy and a mahi mahi sandwich tonight....really good...plus on Wednesdays, sandwiches are 20 % off!  There are specials throughout the week. For good seafood, Pier 83 blows Red Lobster out of the water!  The place is not fancy but their service and seafood is exceptional!
This Starbucks is a well oiled machine, the line is always quick no matter how busy, orders are accurately taken and if I ever have questions regarding the makeup of a drink they happily inform me. This is my favorite Starbucks, simply for the fact they are so quick and on point! Starbucks in southern highlands needs to take some tips from this location, lol.
This place absolutely rocks for fresh produce at very affordable prices! I stopped by with my produce list for the week on the recommendation of my friend who is vegetarian and told me she is able to get away with a killing on veggies here. Seriously...4 avocados for $1?! 5 bunches of green onions or cilantro for $1? Bell Peppers for .79 cents per pound?! Prices at Fry's (where I usually shop) are about FOUR TIMES as much and honestly the quality seems exactly the same ($1.39 PER Avocado, .69cents for a single bunch of green onions, 1.59 PER bell pepper). Especially since I have been trying to incorporate more fresh fruits and vegetables into my diet lately, I may never shop at the "regular" supermarket for veggies again! 

I did not get a chance to check out the meat department because I was kind of in a rush, but I'm very curious and will definitely scope it out next time I go when I'm not in a time crunch.

The staff I came in contact with were extremely friendly and helpful. I asked a man working in the produce department if he could show me where the mushrooms were at and he personally walked me over to show me (instead of just pointing "over there"). I was waiting in a regular checkout line and the cashier in the express line told me he'd be happy to help me since nobody else was waiting. 

My only disappointment was that I noticed many of the packaged and processed foods, even staples, seemed to be a little more expensive than the price I pay at Fry's. For example, I bought a few cans of beans and diced tomatoes (nothing crazy) and they were about 50% more expensive than what I usually like to pay for those. Not a huge deal at all since the produce more than made up for it to me!

Bottom line: The place is clean, well organized, and has a helpful staff who actually care about their patrons. I will certainly continue to shop here for produce and maybe some specialty hispanic foods (like fresh tortillas, queso fresco, and horchata!) but will probably continue to shop at my regular store as well for pantry staples. If you've never been and want to mix up your grocery routine a bit, it's definitely worth a trip!
Cool place, small yet nice. If you go at the right time you can have a pleasant experience. Staff was nice. Unto the waffles. They are SWEET you almost need nothing other than maybe fresh fruit. I'm sure kids love it but almost too sweet for me to eat if you get the Deluxe Waffle...
This place is awesome hands down the best place to go to in old town for anything great food they make me look good I'm a cab driver when I recommend this place to people they call me thanks that place was great we love it
Me and my girls made reservation to eat here on a Saturday night during Restaurant Week. The place was full of energy and people when I walked in, I was amazed at all of the platters of sizzling food as we waited to be seated at our table.As we were seated the waiter noticed I was wearing a black skirt and immediately switched my white napkin to a black one...A++++ on that alone! I started with a glass of Cabernet and they brought out the bread basket..man that thing is dangerous. I must have had a least 2 pieces of the pretzel bread with butter before we even ordered. 

We all decided to order from the Restaurant Week menu it came with salad, filet, garlic mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and a choice of dessert. The presentation was awesome, several servers came out to our table and presented our steaks at the same time and served our sides to us as well. Mmmmmmm the steak was cooked just like I asked and it had this delish crust on the outside but then it was moist and juicy on the inside. And the garlic mashed potatoes were so rich, buttery, creamy and yummy I could have made a meal off of those alone. My friend's steak was undercooked and after not getting it quite right the 3rd time the manager came out and said he would take care of it for her. Great service!!! For dessert I went for the 5 layer chocolate cake, it was good not the best I've ever had but rich and chocolaty :-) 

There was a rowdy bachelor party in our section that night, they even invited us over to take a shot and to congratulate the groom! 

Since I don't have it like that yet this is definitely a special occasion place since it's pretty pricey. I will definitely be back to try the lobster mashed potatoes I saw on the menu!
Really like the store, a lot. However, it doesn't appear to be run very well.  Inventory management sucks as they often run out of stuff and no one has any idea when they will get more, if ever.  I like the employees as they are gemerally knowledgeable and helpful but especially the cashiers are very inefficient.  What I love about it is that it's a lot like the old general stores that had lots of unique items not easily found elsewhere but it's also managed that way.  It is frustrating to drive across town to get something they carry only to find out they have been out for a month or so.   "Corporate does the ordering".   Also frustrating to stand in line too long  trying to check out while other cashiers stand around doing nothing.  They could so much better by simply  matching the standards of other retailers...
Now that I've been there five times, I'll put in my 2-cents.  This is a pleasant spot with friendly service, reasonable prices, in a clean environment.  The food is tasty, with a few, somewhat unconventional items for you to try.  I haven't taken advantage of the bar that's in a smallish, attached room with a nicely stocked bar and good drink prices posted on the board.  $2 for bottled Moosehead!
I have noticed that the service can be a bit slow from not having enough staff on-hand.  If you're in a hurry, you may want to ask.
Went here last weekend and was very impressed. Love the smell of the store, very fall like and in with the current season! The employees are always nice which is nice! The fall items were on sale since Christmas is coming up soon which was great! Love the selection for the Christmas items. From the ornaments to the table wear and the decorations! Store is pretty big itself you can definitely spend a lot of time in there looking at everything!
Family is in town for Thanksgiving and finally 99% of my cousins are 21 and over which means... PARTY!!!  I had so many ideas of where to take them but didn't want to spend too much money.  All I know is that I didn't want to go to any clubs last night, I wasn't feeling that scene.  I considered a spot where there was live band but I have yet to find one where I'm confident to take people to.  A light bulb tinged above my head and I had an idea that a lounge with music was going to work for us.  There were a total of 10 in our group so I had to be quick with a spot for everyone to meet at.

Luckily, my old clubbing partner suggested a new spot called EyeCandy Sound Lounge at Mandalay Bay.  I figured why not?  So, after long hours of getting ready, we finally jetted off to Mandalay Bay.  To get there from the parking lot you have to pass Rumjungle and a bar.  It's in the middle of the Casino so you really can't miss it.  Once you walk in, you'll notice the use of different color lighting in each section of the Lounge.  You wouldn't think that the different color lighting would actually work but it definitely gave a warm feeling and comfortable feeling to the whole scene.

By the time we got there it wasn't crowded so that was a good thing coz that means more seats for us.  Because of the amount of people that were in our group we had to join two tables together and add more chairs since the set up was for 4-5 people per table.  By the end of it all, there were a total of 14 people in our party.  It was good they weren't so strict about us redecorating a section.  There were two sections to the Lounge, one was the lounge area and the second was the dance floor.  So, if you're bored with who ever you're talking to you can get up and just shake it off.  The dance floor was a good amount of space but the people that were there were a little older crowd.  So if you're 21 and you're looking for a young crowd.  This isn't the place to go.  But for my age group of being late 20's and early 30's, it's a good spot.  Music was a variety of 80's, 90's and 2000's and  was just set at a perfect volume that my party had the opportunity to talk to one another and carry a conversation while drinking.  

Speaking of which, drinks were easy to order as our host was prompt with serving us.  Sucky thing is that she wasn't an eyecandy.  She was not very attractive and I had wish our server was a little bit more desirable to look at.  Drinks were an average of $14.  For that price it better be good.  I ordered a Passion-Ginger Mojito and oh my gosh!  It was the best Mojito I've ever had in my life.  It kinda tasted like this Philippino drink called Calamansi Juice.  I could go through that drink if I wasn't careful.  My cousin decided to get a Honey Blossom which was served in a Martini glass.  All I know is they hooked it up with all the alcohol.  It's a very strong drink and good for those that want to get a quick buzz.  Another drink I tasted was their signature drink called "Eye Candy".  It's a drink that is served in a tall glass garnished with berries and sprinkled with white powdered sugar.  It had a refreshing taste of berries which for most girls would be an awesome drink to order.  The rest of the time we ordered shots.  We came to realize how expensive drinks were.

It's definitely a club I had a lot of fun in but I think all the props go to the people I was with.  If I had to go with one other person, I probably would not have as much fun and would just be bored.  I definitely would not be comfortable coming here by myself.  This is why I gave it 3 stars.  It was only fun if you're with a big party.  But then again, isn't that the whole concept of "The more the merrier" to where ever you go?
My husband and I love this place!!! We are here on a regular! I dream of the Greek fries when I've went too long without them.  Gyro meat is perfection and the staff is always AWESOME!!
Had a little issue with the temperature inside the vehicle when I came for a bachelorette party in July, but John responded to my email right away and amended the situation.  I came back to Vegas a month later, booked with VIP Limousines and had a much better experience.  I feel like generally business owners in Vegas don't care too much when you complain because there are so many people visiting, but this company really treats you like family.
Tonight was my first visit and the food was amazing! I'm currently decreasing my sugar and salt intake and my steamed rice and teriyaki salmon were perfect! The asparagus and shrimp tempura rolls were super delicious as well! I'll definitely be returning to this restaurant.
I didn't go to Guitar Center expecting good service, and I got exactly what I expected.  I was visiting Phoenix for a week, so I decided to go to Guitar Center to look for a cheap acoustic guitar.  I was happy to find one that played reasonably well and came with a gig bag for only $75, so I decided to purchase it.  There were three employees standing around talking to each other, so I went to the first one and told him I'd like to buy the guitar.  "Oh, you will need to go to this guy over here."  He was nice enough to actually carry the guitar to the other person, who was on the phone, and let them know I wanted the guitar, but, not only was the other guy on the phone, he also had another customer he was helping.  I waited about 10 minutes, while the other employees were still standing around talking to each other.  Then I left.  Guitar Center needs to learn what I call "Rob's First Rule of Retail," which is, "If you have someone who wants to give you money, make it easy for them to do that."  It's not that 10 minutes was a long time to wait, although I have no idea how much longer I would have waited, it just galls me that you have three people standing there doing NOTHING while I am standing there like an idiot waiting for the one person who is doing any work there.  Sure, I'm only spending $75 THIS TIME, but next time I may be in there buying a high $$ item.  Enough ranting. . .Guitar Center sucks. . .I will probably do what I should have done in the first place--get the guitar off of Craigslist.
Newly remodeled room was awesome.   Clean, comfortable, and quiet.   Onsite restaurant was so so.....the burger was  way over done and the onions in the French onion soup were under done.   The hotel is 5 stars but the onsite restaurant is just 2.
Friendly owners take great care of you. The chorizo burrito is excellent, I enjoy having an occasional breakfast here. The location is a bit tricky to find a block off of Arizona Avenue on Wall Street. Be sure to track this place down and give it a try.
Went to my first Yelp Elite event as a guest and won the fundraiser door prize to pearl for a free whitening session. Was able to schedule my appointment via email, which was super convenient. 
1. The office is so fun and new and clean and mod.
2. Everyone was very friendly, personable, yet professional. And I want my hair to look like Dr. Jenny's!
3. You can listen to music on Beats headphones and\/or watch Netflix. TVs on the wall and the ceiling. So cool!
4. I was incredibly pleased with the level of service and the teeth whitening. I can already see a difference. Other than a little sensitivity the day of (which is normal), my teeth are happy and sparkly and white!
5.  Regular patients receive annual teeth whitening treatments at no additional cost.
Oh Lola's I love you so! My husband planned a surprise dinner for me, for which we had a party of about 20. The dining space is incredibly small so if there is a large party such as ours on the day you want to visit, you'll probably be waiting for some time if you don't have a reservation. I was expecting the service to be subpar for such a big group in this place with 1 server allotted to us. But Lisa took great care of us! The bills at the end were right the first time and everyone's food came out exactly as ordered!! I ordered the fried shrimp platter per usual with a side of Gouda grits (DO NOT MISS THE GOUDA GRITS). This place has remained one of my favorite restaurants in the valley for about 4 years. The second location on Town Center is MUCH bigger and the food is just as good, so I'd go there if I didn't have a reservation.
My husband and I love going to comedy shows and have seen some pretty good acts at the Improv. Ticket prices aren't bad either. I am very particular about where I sit, and the person who seats you is willing to let you sit where you choose, especially if it's on a Thursday or Sunday night, since those aren't particularly busy nights.

I did have one bad experience, which is why I'm giving this review 3 stars instead of 4 (it only takes one poor experience, people!). My husband and I went to see one of our favorite comedians on a Thursday night. There is a two-item minimum, so we decided we would just eat dinner at the show. Well, we were mistaken. First of all, our waitress was rude and slow. After sitting there for 5 or 6 minutes without service she finally comes over and asks what we want. We both order a drink and food, to which she tells us that the kitchen caught on fire earlier that day so all they have are salads and desserts. I was annoyed that she even asked what we wanted instead of starting out with this important fact.

At any rate, I order a Caesar salad and a beer. It comes out and it's iceburg lettuce with shredded cheese, tomatoes, and other veggies. In other words, a regular salad. I inform the waitress of this and she seemed totally confused. I suppose she did not understand the difference, which was odd. 

Overall, I felt that there was no apology for the fact we couldn't eat, let alone everyone else in the place. Salad or dessert aren't the greatest choices when you are expecting to eat dinner at the show. I think the Improv should have waived the two-item minimum on this occasions, even if it cost them money. 

Afterwards, I emailed the Improv with my concerns. Never. Heard. Back.

That being said, I will most likely return to the Improv....but not for the service. Because it's a great place to see comedy shows and isn't that expensive. Customer service is terrible.
I really would not recommend this company to anyone. I used them twice. Each time they were late by 3 hours. After calling to make sure someone was still coming, the guy one the phone was extremely rude and said "well go ahead and cancel then lady!".

Very unprofessional. If you hire them make sure you'll be home allll day.
I love the fried chicken, no matter how pricey it is for the portion you get, I'm addicted to them.  It comes in a tiny bag (only about 1\/3 full) but it's good.  The only thing about it is that it's not completely consistent, sometimes it comes out better than other times but still good.  I love it when I see tons of basil leaves because usually it tastes better to me that way.

I love their milk teas and the avocado smoothie.  They use real fruit for the avocado, but I'm not sure about the other fruit drinks.

As for the service, all of the workers there are friendly except the younger male teenager.  I don't really like it when he is working the cash register.  I'm going to guess and say he is probably the owner's son who really does not want to be there and is forced to by his parents....he looks and acts miserable.  I'm not sure whether to feel bad for him or be annoyed by his customer service.

I've been going here since it opened, and never really had a complaint except once when they gave me both boba and lychee jelly in my milk tea when I only wanted the jelly.  I would have preferred that they made me a new drink instead (I don't think it would have cost them too much).  I was turned off watching one of the workers fish out the boba...one by one... Not only that, my drink ended up having less jelly than normal afterwards.
My buddy wanted to take me here to try some cocktails, which is a great reason to go anywhere. We sat at the bar and ordered a Whiskey Sour. Had to be the best cocktail I ever had! The typical sour mix was avoided altogether for a gourmet method which led a smooth, creamy texture overall. Fantastic!
We also had some of their happy hour specials which was not your typical bar food. 
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a rewarding whetting of the whistle
Cheers!
I'm disgusted by the treatment I am suffering currently at the hands of iFindProperties.com.  They are a completely unethical bunch of scam artists and incompetent scammers, and I can't wait until we get to court!  Specifically, I paid my rent on-time in-full every month for 2 years without issue.  Then when the end of the lease approached, on 6\/17 I gave my 45-day advanced notice of my intent to vacate at the end of the lease on 7\/31.  
Jim Eagan, President, then set me up by proposing the walkthrough a full month later.  Thus if I vacated on 7\/31 as intended I would risk leaving the property vacant for a full month before the walkthrough that would hold ME accountable for any damages.  Given how many transients and vagrants there are in Las Vegas I am not willing to take that risk.  
The next communication we got from them was a 5-day Pay or Quit demanding rent for August despite my clear and confirmed advanced notice of vacancy.  I had to go to the courthouse today and pay $73.13 just to keep these jerks from negatively impacting my credit with this totally spurious and belated summary eviction order!  TOTAL BS!!!
They were very easy to work with scheduling an appt. 
Kevin was very punctual! 
Kevin was personable and efficiently dispatched our bee issue. 
Was very pleased that there weren't any surprise charges added after he was onsite...the quote given over the phone was the price I paid.
Would recommend and use again next bee season!
I've only smoked hookah four times in my life (including this night), but for some reason, we ended up going to a hookah lounge twice in one weekend. We were looking for a place to just chill late on Sunday night. I found out about Cloud 9 because I know Fukuburger posts up here on Tuesday nights. This was my first time here however.

The place is pretty chill. Sure they play somewhat loud music, but it's not too loud. You can still manage a conversation without trying too hard. The only weird thing is that one of the TVs was initially on with sound. It was taking away from the very apropos Bob Marley music that they were playing when we first got there.

This is definitely a good spot, especially if you live in the Southwest as I do. The service is very attentive. They constantly come around to make sure your coals are still good to go. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here. Not that I smoke much.
The service is decent, but the food leaves a lot to be desired. You can get a better burger, with exactly what you want on it, for a little less money at Fuddruckers a half mile west of here. You won't have a server to bring your burger and have to apply your own toppings, but that's a better setup in my opinion plus there is nobody to tip!
Not bad at all!!!!

The restaurant inside is called The Peppermill and the prime rib special for $8.99....... So good!!!!!

The casino itself is old school, looks like something from the late 60's. It's seriously from a time capsule. The service was awesome. Carol and Sandra rule. A hidden gem outside of Vegas.
The ribs might have been the worst ribs I've ever had.  Service was bad, I was a little surprised by how busy it was.  Maybe I missed something the first time and should give it another try
Friendly service and fantastic pastries! I particularly love their pear tart: buttery, cinnamon-y deliciousness. Their baguettes are also excellent. Et on peut parler français ici! Owned by a French couple, so it's pretty legit.
We came here on Valentine's Day and my fiancé and I were disappointed. The set menu was $40. We didn't know about that ahead of time but that was probably our fault (even though we called ahead and made a reservation). I wouldn't mind paying $40 per plate if I felt I was getting my money's worth. I ordered the shrimp for part 1 of my 3 course meal. The shrimp they served looked like they took 3 shrimp from a frozen shrimp ring you get from a grocery store. They were small. They dressed it up with some decorative greens. The 8 ounce angus steak as the main dish was OK- but definitely not worth $40. I ordered the steak medium rare and it came out closer to well done. I thought maybe the steak would make up for the terrible 1st course, but it fell way short of my $40 expectations. My fiancé got the scallops and they were pretty good- but they were very small portions. She usually eats like a bird and was still hungry as we walked out. We shared the cake for 2 as the desert. It was the best part of the meal! 

To make matters worse, we had a $25 gift certificate that they refused to accept because it was Valentine's Day. That was the icing on the cake for us.

I've been to Choplin's once before and thought it was a solid local place to eat. Perhaps coming back when the menu is normal and my expectations aren't so high.
All of the stylists are wonderful and do amazing work. I love watching clients that are there before me and while I'm there transform.. The atmosphere is very bright and lively. EVERYONE gets along and helps each other out (which is great because being in a salon that is the opposite make it very awkward\/uncomfortable for the client)

Hands down my favorite salon in lakewood!
They are very available and making an appointment with ANY one of these talented artists will not be a mistake!!!
Si je viens ici, c'est dû à 3 choses, à leurs croissants (1,90$ ), qui sont gros, croustillants & bons au goût, même chose pour leur chocolatines ( 2,10$) et aussi à leurs baguettes ( 2,40$ ). Ils préparent aussi, des gâteaux, tartes, gourmandises (financiers, madeleines, sablés,...) Cette boulangerie\/pâtisserie artisanale n'est pas très achalandée contrairement aux autres du quartier mais elle offre de la qualité pour ces 3 éléments mentionnés ci-haut. Effectivement, ils n'ont pas un gros choix sur leur présentoir, mais au moins, vous n'avez pas à prendre un numéro à l'entrée et patientez pendant 10\/15 minutes comme chez le compétiteur du coin....C'est la petite boulangerie de quartier sympa quoi, sans prétention & tranquille, dans un local moderne & lumineux. Ils fournissent aussi plusieurs restaurants & cafés de Montréal. 

4\/5 visité en novembre 2015
This place is such a great find to stumble upon! It's so cute, we should support local businesses. The ice cream is great obviously and the view of the lake is wonderful. If you walk out on the pier, you can see the Capitol.
I wanted peach cobbler so bad that I remembered a BBQ joint was in the Walmart shopping center. Their has been 3 different BBQ joints at this location and all 3 where good. The only thing i didn't like was the ribs needed more sauce. I don't mind adding but I would like it cooked on. Service was fast and nice was greeted at the door and the guy behind the counter asked if I'm new and I told him yes and he told me what's the specials and how to order. Easy menu sweet tea was good too. But NO peach cobbler.
We have been taking our child here for over a year now. When we moved to the area, PCA was the first place that made us feel like we belonged. The staff is so caring, and we have always felt safe with our child being in their care. The school is always positive, inclusive, and clean. Estrella PCA not only prepares our child in the fundamentals of learning, but they emphasize empathy, the importance of giving back to the community, and provide an environment for the children AND parents to connect. We would even be willing to drive our child an hour out of the way during the work week, just to keep our child with this facility and fantastic group of teachers and directors. Estrella PCA is a safe, fun, and smart choice if you are ever in need of child care. I would recommend them to anyone!
The new restaurant in downtown phoenix is fantastic.  The only drawback is the wait time because my last visit included a forty minute wait.   If you cannot decide which dog to pick try the one with the peanut butter and popcorn.
The food was amazing!!! I bought a groupon for a 2 for 1 meal. So we got 2 just so we can try out the different options. 

We had so much fun! They have board games you can play while you eat\/ wait for the food. We were playing battle ship so it make the wait time fly by. I will definitely come back and will be bringing more friends.

What your here for...THE FOOD!!!
 I ordered: 
APPLE PORKFECTION: (BBQ pulled pork topped w\/ bacon strips & our signature apple slaw on a brioche bun, served with fries) ($9.75) Dear God this was amazing!! The best pulled pork I have ever had. So juicy and flavorful!! This is a must try!!!

THE PIG MAC: (Hand crafted beef burger topped w\/ bacon strips cheese, lettuce, tomato & bbq sauce on a bacon studded bun. Served w\/ fries) ($9.95) I went simple for this but I have to admit they make a mean burger, definitely 5\/5 on the burger scale.

My Fiance:
THE NOTORIOUS P.I.G.: (Only for true bacon lovers. Hand crafted beef burger topped w\/ bacon strips, peameal bacon &pulled pork, lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese, onion straws & bbq sauce. On a bacon brioche bun. Served w\/ fries) ($14.95) He loves Bacon so this was a must try for him and he loved it. I thought it would be to much bacon, he says its all good. If you could he would have ordered a second one.

THE WAKE & BACON BURGER: (Hand crafted beef burger topped w\/ bacon strips, sunny side up egg, cheddar cheese & bbq sauce on a bacon brioche bun. Served w\/ home fries & mixed greens) ($12.95) He likes his eggs sunny side up so I couldn't watch him eat this.... The aftermath was he loved it and not he puts eggs on his burger when we make them at home.


Over all Great food, great people and fun atmosphere. Highly recommended for all groups.
6 people and all six loved this place.  They voted 5 out of 5.  This place is great food and the drinks were all good. Been here before and will continue to support.   Ninja was great, lobster tail sushi was good.  Let's continue to support.
This place is family dinning, so go with a group! Portions are very large. The aroma from outside pulled us in. We ordered from the bar as it has a much smaller menu and portions were much smaller. We started with a Ceasar salad very tasty but a bit more dressing than I prefer. Then some calamari and meatball sliders. Both were very good and fresh!
Try this place if you go to Vegas!
We went to rent\/purchase an upright bass because my son is taking orchestra.  When we arrived in the store a gentleman "tried" to help us.  We advised him we are looking for a 1\/2 upright bass and he looked confused.  "Is that the big one?"  Really, you don't know and you work at a music store.  He grabbed the paperwork and said it will be $65\/month, three months upfront, and sign here.  No explanation, is it used\/new, how old is it, what does it look like, etc.  We then asked for another person who was more knowledgeable, which he was but extremely rude.  We were asking questions and his response was quick and short and looked like we were bothering him.  Mind you the instrument is over $1200 so why are we getting treated this way?  Needless to say we just walked out and looked for another music store, Guitar Center.  We will not go back to Family Music Center, I rather go out of our way to get the accessories for the upright bass, because the customer service is key elsewhere!!
I was considering five stars. I really was. I've eaten at Lemongrass a few times, and the food is consistently great. The restaurant itself is beautiful. The service on my last visit was absolutely terrible. Brought it down to 3.75 stars, so I'm rounding up.

The food is beautiful, flavorful, delicious. Particularly recommend the red curry with duck breast and lychee, the crab fried rice, and the drunken noodle with seafood. Seafood central, but so delicious.

The selection of vegetarian options is scanty, and they don't really reduce the price if you want to sub veggies for the protein.

The mango and sticky rice is spot on! Temperatures were perfect, the mango was ripe and sweet.

As far as the service, things were fine at the beginning of the meal, then really started to slow down about halfway through. Then they just straight up screeched to a halt. After we finished eating, we waited over half an hour to get the waiter's attention to request our check. Then another ten minutes to actually get the check. Good thing we didn't have any pressing plans for the evening! No apology or anything. Good thing the food was so great or I'd be writing Lemongrass off my list for good.
The restaurant was excellent. We had been here once before. The food was very good, the crispy pork ears for example, and the pork collar tasty. The special (bison tenderloin) was delicious, and the molasses-style sticky toffee pudding was a great way to end the meal. The waitress was very nice and knowledgeable. Only thing is the noise level as it is in a pub. But we'd definitely go back.
Brilliant place, excellent vegan options. Had the tofu teriyaki, avocado rolls and vegan rolls, and the red slaw. I enjoyed everything but I could probably do without the vegan rolls frankly. Beverages were excellent as well! Colleague got a desert which was lovely as well. All in all this place does it right.
I came here with a friend who highly recommended it, and I'm a big fan and ready to join the Mosh Pit.  It's like a Chipotle assembly line setup where you order your proteins which they grill hot in front of you, and pass you down the line to select your favorite veggies, sauces and other toppings, and they roll it into a nice easy to eat fresh pita (choice of white or wheat).  This think is easy to eat, and doesn't spill all over your suit....and it fills you up, but in a fresh non-gut bomb sort of way that normal monster burritos do.  The chicken breast I had was fresh white meat (non-grizzle) and perfect.  I shall return to the pit of glory.
Food isn't spectacular if you're looking for real fresh authentic Mexican food. The beer was warm before I even started drinking it which was also disappointing. Although, the place is well decorated- for those who take hipster pictures of every restaurant they go to.
Las Noches de las Luminarias is in full swing and even better this year with the addition of Dale Chihuly's glass sculpture exhibit. Each sculpture is perfectly integrated with the landscape along the many luminary lit pathways. There is plenty to do, see, and hear as you stroll throughout the garden. You will find comfy fire pit seating areas, great live musicians, and a few bars nestled along the path. Dress warm and wear comfy shoes because some of the paths are a little rocky. I recommend the evening event after the luminarias have been lit - 5:30 to 9:30pm. 

My high marks for this outing: 

Sweater Weather: 5 
Glass Sculptures: 5 
Photo Ops: 5 
Luminarias: 5 
Musicians: 5 
Apple Cider: 5 
Shot of Jack Daniels: 5++
Great "mom and pop" style Mexican burrito joint. The chimichanga was great! It's definitely a "don't judge a book by its cover" place.
Great place, Nice location, nice clean restaurant, good food and usually we have good service. Personally i enjoy this place during the week. On the weekends it can get a little crazy and loud beyond what is comfortable for chatting. Also their menu prices go up on the weekends. You pay more for the same food depending on the day lol. I have never seen another resturaunt do that.
Chorizo, egg, and potato with cheese and sour cream... every time. I have a gluten intolerance, so they make mine and give me corn tortillas. Excellent prices, always consistently good, and HUGE portions. Ladies can be a bit grumpy at times, like us all....
Idk what happened to the old KhaoSan Road...
The food was horrible. Customer service was meh
Wow!!  This place is so cool.   We had a group for dinner in the private dining room upstairs.  I had an amazing yellow beet salad with truffle oil followed by steak with potatoes gratin - cooked to perfection.  The cute servers took great care of us.

Later a few of us went downstairs for some bubble at the bar.  This place has a killer wine list with prices that are completely fair.  I know wine is more affordable in Quebec than Vancouver so I shouldn't complain except that too many restaurants triple their wine mark-up and don't offer enough interesting choices in the affordable range.
Love this place! My new go-to study place. It's quaint and has a fun menu. Patio is really inviting and the service was super friendly.
2.5 stars. Yeah yeah, burn me at the stake for this one but I don't get the hype. Maybe it's because I'm an East Coaster with access to good eats but I genuinely do not get it. Taste like an average burger with Big Mac sauce on it.. or at least what I remember Big Mac sauce to taste like. Nothing special about the fries either. Blah
Disappointed 1) their phone number doesn't work; 1) they couldn't give me a quote on my dress alterations in person after I drove down there. The employee said, "I'm not a seamstress."; and 3) the seamstress only works mornings.
This is my "go to" place for authentic Mexican food!  The service is always spectacular though I always ask for one waiter: Jesus. My favorite item is the Carne Asada tacos. Yum!
This place is so weird. Just came outta nowhere. Set up shop in a building that's always had weird stores. And it's called Crazy Ivan's? And they only have like one or two things on the menu? What the hell... But you know what? It's damn good shawarma. Damn good. Haven't had shawarma this good at many other places, certainly none around here.
Stopped by and had the chipotle shrimp salad which was delicious. The shrimp are grilled so they have a good flavor they are medium sized. I had the works which included white rice, fajita veggies, hot sauce, mild sauce, sour cream, cheese and guacamole. The salad was fresh and tasty. Price was about 9 bucks my girl had a brownie $1.75 which was really good. Took everything to go but dining and kitchen areas looked clean. Overall good food decent price friendly people which is more than I can say about the centennial chipotle which is the opposite and ticks me off cause I like chipotle. I guess everything happens for a reason though cause if that chipotle wasn't terrible I would've never tried zabas shrimp something chipotle doesn't even offer.
Went here for the first time today, and had a really good experience.  Staff was friendly, normal, helpful and nice to be around.  The restaurant itself is moderately spacious, with bar and table seating.  Food here was awesome!  Combined with the service, I will be back.

I could tell that this place has a ton of regulars.  I liked that.  What a great gem.  The food was tasty, fresh and reliable.  Menu had a great selection of items, with a variety of choices and combinations.  Entirely breakfast, probably one of the more overlooked places in town.  Just finding this place now and love it.

Amazing service, great menu.   Parking here is tight, but a staff member guided me in the lot to show me where to go and park.
Delicious. Super friendly. AJ walked us through first time, made great recommendations. Ordered crab cake appetizers - smaller than expected but top notch, fresh, delicious. Cod and shrimp terrific - sweet potato fries with too thick for me but hubby loved them. And the soft shell crab sandwich to die for! Used a groupon. Great deal :)
2.5 star 

Marco Polo Bakery and Cafe though located inside of a Chinese Business nominated plaza, it is not a Chinese bakery. You won't find any BBQ pork buns or egg tart. Marco Polo Bakery really a French bakery but own by Chinese. 

When I dropped by the Bakery, on a late afternoon. Not much pastries left on the shelf but there are still some individual sized cakes in the display case priced between $1.80 - $2.40. 

Chestnut Crunch ($ 2.40) 
- good flavour of Chestnut, there are even real little chucks of actual chestnut inside 
- however, the part that suppose to be crunchy were mushy... really disappointing! 

Amaretto Cheesecake ($2.40) 
- The cake itself is hard and dry, It just really heavy tasting and I really didn't enjoy it.. I cannot even finish it! :( 

I think i will not be back to try other of their cakes. Though they do look pretty and nice but I just don't feel the love! 

Cash Only!
My go to place. Very large portions, and excellent food. Waffles? Yes please! And it sits well when you're drunk! Perfect for Vegas. The price is right, and the food is great, especially if you like breakfast! You have to try the bacon inside the waffles. Mmmm
Very impressed! $5 pitcher until 5pm, and excellent healthy food at a good value. Free valet parking.  I look forward to coming back.
After moving to Vegas from California, I never though I would find a place that has koobideh! I would always this that I'd have to wait til I visit back home til I was able eat this again, but luckily I found this gem! Literally right next to my house! To be entirely honest, I think this place has THE BEST beef koobideh I've ever had. It's so juicy and flavorful with a ton of rice! I usually don't eat much rice, but whenever I eat food from here I almost finish everything! 2 piece beef koobideh with an extra roasted tomato is what I've ordered that past 4 times. SO GOOD. Their barg( I think) is so good too! Dining in or doing it Togo is entirely the same quality! 100000 stars!!
Bike shop with a side of coffee on a whim.  Don't go here unless you need anything but convenience.  Coffee is horrible.  Just a body behind the counter pushing a button for burnt, bitter and weak coffee.  I'm sure the 4 stars for  his place have more to do with the bike shop than the coffee.  Won't be returning.
Tried Ka the other night, and not being a huge sushi fan, I won't judge the quality of the fish, but i tried a few new things that i did like or at least not hate. 
Loved: The bacon wrapped scallops were really good, the yakitori was prefect, also tried fresh wasabi for the first time and won't eat anything else now. The noodle bowl was good but the ginger was overpowering, not bad, just make sure you like ginger.

Tried the Jalapeno yellow-tail and spicy tuna roll, not bad for someone who doesn't eat raw fish.

The biggest problem with the night we went was the service, they are restructuring the menu and staff so there was a lot of confusion with prices and what things were available or not, but it was almost comical and won't change me opinion of going back.

For most this might be a turn off but i kinda liked the 140bpm Japanese  techno music in the background, made you want to put your hands in the air and wave them like you just need more Saki.
After a great Halloween, breakfast was in order. After searching we decided to eat here, and I'm glad we did!
Banana nut bread was AMAZING. My friend and I bought a loaf of bread to take for the trip back home. I was expecting a cup of coffee, but they give you the entire pitcher! Service was fast. Got the pumpkin pancake, and it was a stake of 3, and each one was as big as my head!! Huge portions! My pancakes were a little dry. Great service too.
I ordered something of a Long Island iced tea sort of drink and what I got was literally a watered down version of what it was supposed to be. I feel like they literally put a dash of tap water in my drink to fill it up. Very disappointed. First time there. Live music was okay.
Great burger place with exceptional reasonably priced burgers!!! Came to this place based on the yelps reviews and this place definitely lives up to the hype. My girlfriend and I both got Angus beef burgers, and the temperature was cooked just how we liked it. The concept of BYOB was perfect as premium toppings were reasonably priced. We did not have fries (wish we could on our diet!) but they looked great. Definitely a place to come for a quick eat or a casual dinner with quality ingredients. Decor was great and created a quality atmosphere. Will be back for sure!!!
Cow pie! We went to Andersons for our Hogmanay steak pie and it was scrumptious: lots of tasty filling, topped by thick and delicious puff pastry. 

The rest of the meat on display looked good too, and staff were friendly - I'll definitely go back.
I lived most of my life in the area where the very first Trader Joe's opened up. It's still there in the same shopping center and it's about 4 times bigger than both locations in Las Vegas. The locations in Los Angeles County have extremely high amounts of traffic, yet somehow the workers are so well trained in providing excellent hospitality that they remember all the regular customers by name. That ain't happening here at the "Summerlin" location. 90% of the workers here probably can't even remember their own names. 

When I was shopping at the Monrovia location around this time last year, one of the workers was telling me a story about how he dropped by the Summerlin TJs location while vacationing at the nearby Red Rock Casino. He could not believe what he was seeing. Apparently, the behavior that the workers at the Summerlin location exhibit is rule breaking, and would get them fired if they worked at any of the Los Angeles locations. Also, he complained about how the workers don't watch where the f*ck they are going and always collide with you. Holy sh!t...Isn't that what always f*cking happens here?? Have any of you guys ever been here and not had a worker collide headfirst into you? 

The workers here seem confused, or maybe even hungover. When you ask simple questions about their products, they either do two things: 1-They just don't answer you, and look down towards the floor. 2- They just don't answer you, and look  towards the wall.  

If you come after 7:30PM, almost everything is out of stock. There is no more whole grain bread, no more wheat tortillas, nothing.  The only things they probably got left are products marked: Cream of Duck, Pizza in a Cup, and prepackaged Seahorse Nigiri.

Most the chicks who work cashier do nothing but gossip with each other, and they never pay attention to anything that is going on around them. They literally don't even say "hi" to the customers or even bother to  tell you what your total price is.     

Organic Toilet Paper? Are you f*cking kidding me? Why does my toilet paper have to be organic? Tell that Joe motherf*cker(or whoever the f*ck owns this place) that I ain't gonna spend $5.00 on 4 rolls of toilet paper to wipe my ass "Organically". Are their really carcinogenic agents in my Wal-Mart toilet paper that is gonna give me ass cancer? I don't think so. What a f*cking scam! Nice try Joe.

Hemp Cereal? Can you imagine the douchebags who come in here and buy that sh!t thinking it's gonna get them high? What the f*ck does hemp taste like anyway? I always assumed it tastes like smoking the wrong end of a cigarette or something.

Every time you ask a worker why they only have 2 Trader Joe locations in all of Las Vegas, they will always tell you: "We actually got 4. We got one in Green Valley, and one in Anthem"........ You see, the fact that these workers don't know that Henderson and Las Vegas are two separate cities is probably the reason they also don't know how to answer basic questions about their own products. 

They call this location: "TRADER JOE'S- SUMMERLIN". This location is not in Summerlin. Do you guys seriously not even know what area you live in? On a positive note,  if this TJs was actually in Summerlin there would be even more bitter fat old people fighting each other, a bunch of Eastern European people wearing leather pants and skin tight metallic t-shirts, and piss n sh!t all over the walls.  

In all fairness, there is probably three workers here that are actually really helpful. 1st guys is the middle aged man who works behind that desk area, second would be the Filipino woman who frequently likes to talk about traditional Filipino cuisine, and 3rd would be that one dude from Pasadena. The other workers ain't that great. 

The other reviews claim that this location gives "good customer service". Then what the f*ck is going on here with me? I'll just assume they don't like Asian people or something. I don't know?
Let's be honest, there are some core diner foods out there that rarely vary from location to location.  For example, scrambled eggs.  I have yet to see someone toss out something like, "Wow, the eggs were simply divine - fluffy, yellow and...and....fluffy and yellow."  Generally speaking, your homemade scrambled eggs probably taste pretty similar to your diner eggs.  Now, let's talk pancakes.  Pancakes are a different beast.  You see, you could add buttermilk, regular milk, water, ice cream, eggs, various flours, and a plethora of additives to create your perfect pancake.  At The Dor-Stop, I received my generics and quite honestly, the pancakes scared me a little.  Why?  Well, because when I put my butter on them, the outer crust made a sound.  Yes, I said crust....on a pancake.  Not pizza....p-a-n-c-a-k-e.  I figured if nothing else, I now had a frisbee to take on my way down to Orlando.  So, I began to slice in to my crusty cake and I noticed a squishiness as I penetrated the outer shell.  How perplexing, I thought!  This felt like a job for Sherlock Holmes!  Since he's not real, I moved on.  I took a bite and I must tell you, these pancakes were flipping awesome.  Yes, that was a flapjack reference.  The crunchy on the outside coupled with the chewy middle were a serious but welcomed surprise.  I had no idea pancakes could have this dichotomy!  I polished off my stack and finished my generics with delight.  If these pancakes did not floor me, I would say this diner is still a slight step above many others of its kind, but these pancakes do give it a leg up.  As far as the environment, it is a diner.  So, it looks and feels like a diner.  The neighborhood is cool, though.  When I went there was some construction but everyone on the streets were friendly and for some reason, "Come and play...everything's A-OK.." kept going through my head as I walked down the alleyway.  Now, was there a little green monster peering at me from the lid of a garbage can....?  I guess you'll need to check it out yourself.
We bought a Groupon a while back and decided to use it today. We got the Hang Ten pizza and mozzarella sticks.

It was okay. I meant to ask for the pizza without onions and green peppers but forgot. I realized my mistaked the second I got in my car and smelled the green peppers. However, I took the green peppers off and was pleasantly surprised to find that the taste didn't linger on the pizza and overwhelm everything else. I left the onions on as it was my wife who asked me to order without onions.

The pizza was just average. The crust was kind of soggy. 
The mozzarella sticks were only lukewarm and did not taste homemade. They tasted like something you'd get from the freezer section of your local grocery store.

I might try it again, but I doubt I'll be a regular.
out of this world - Japanese Wagyu & São Paulo ... So so so so good
. So so so so good
Will definitely be back.

Nobu at Caesars is terrible.
As much as I want to give this a higher score it's hard to. Their paletta's are great, however my favorite menu item is their Pepinto Vita drink. The huge downside is every time I order it I know it's going to taste different. I really wish there was more consistency on how they make their drinks. Some times they forget to muddle the cilantro, they don't put enough chile powder, or their tea to cucumber ratio is always off. I go at least 3-4 times a month and it becomes disappointing when I walk out and it doesn't taste good.
Friendly customer service from both Misty and Charles. I took a long time browsing and was treated warmly and offered assistance throughout.
NOT GLUTEN FREE DO NOT EAT IF YOU HAVE AN ALLERGY!
This restaurant claims on their menu that certain items are gluten free, but during my visit there the chef AND manager both admitted they are in fact not.
They almost put my friend in a hospital.

Also, it is insulting how much they charge for food I could give my pet rabbits.
BBQ, sides, and several loads of bread. I had been craving BBQ for awhile and had a coworker suggest the place. I know I went a bit over board getting a few pounds of food, but that's how it's served here. Delicious pulled pork and brisket! Absolutely amazing and they give you all the cheap sliced bread you can eat. So I ended up with a bunch of different combinations of sliders. They have the BBQ sauce on the tables and a small bar with extra accruements. Pickle slices, raw onion, hot peppers, and other little items can keep changing how you experience the BBQ!

The ambience is what I expected. A cross between sports bar like things everywhere and a mess hall. And I love it. I went here to eat a lot of good BBQ. That's what I got and that's what I'll go back for!
Summer club hopping rules when you're with a group of great people with great attitudes. However, after coming here and being herded around like cattle our group got a little restless.

I had a great time inside, we took advantaged of the VIP free drinks and while trying to wiggle ourselves into the dance floor which was packed with sweaty large dudes trying to fist pump my girlfriend got claustrophobic.  

Overall, this is a fun club but it really reminds me of Saddle Ranch at Universal.
I so want to love BRGR, but every time I make the trip, I find myself disappointed. To start, the wait staff is chilly and aloof. I have never had the experience of dining at BRGR and feeling as if the staff cared about their work or the quality of product - as a server myself, I can only assume this has something to do with management.

My most recent meal at BRGR was especially disappointing. I ordered my burger medium rare, but it arrived really very rare. I can get down with a rare burger - especially at Burgatory, where they get a great sear on the patty - but not this one. Inside, the beef was cold and mealy, so I asked for it to be brought up a bit. My server said, "So you want it medium?" I responded that I wanted it as ordered - medium rare. It came back medium, and was honestly just not very carefully prepared. The lettuce was wilted, the tomatoes were watery and the cheese not melted.

Again, I am a server, and not much bothers me more at work than the first world problems of entitled guests. What gets me down about BRGR is not necessarily the fact that I wasn't served a perfect meal, but that their disregard, both for customers and product is painfully evident. BRGR could be great if their team cared to make it so.
Just visited Kent, my old stomping grounds, for homecoming 2016. The next day, my friends and I (a mix of alumni and current students) chose Rockne's for lunch. We had a party of 7, most everyone from out of town.

We were seated promptly and hungry, so placed orders fairly quickly as well. Some of the party had ordered soup, and it arrived shortly after our order was placed. From that point on, we waited over an hour for the remainder of our meal.

The manager, Nick, came and explained that the order had somehow never made its way back to the kitchen, but assured us it would be at our table as soon as possible and apologized for the error. He offered free desserts for us all to make up for the wait time.

After seeing Nick, we waited an additional 20 minutes for food, and a portion of the order was wrong. Upon getting our meal, everyone was hungry and quickly enjoyed some of our favorites from our college days.

At the close of the meal, and after complementary dessert for the error, Nick also decided to take care of our meal for the additional wait time. It was definitely not necessary, but a much appreciated gesture. Coming from someone who also work sin the industry, Nick and his staff did the right thing, and will gain our return business as a result. Thank you Nick, and Rockne's of Kent! :)
Love the atmosphere here. And I'm usually required to take my dad here every time he is in town so he can relive his younger days. 

If you're looking for a familiar, comfortable throwback to the good ol' American 50s-60s diner days, the space and the food won't let you down!
For a place that specializes in chicken wings, the wings were surprisingly underwhelming. My daughter's wings were supposed to be mild, but they had the same amount of kick as my medium wings. My son's mini corn dog serving was minuscule. I have a feeling I'll be back, though, because my husband loves all of the huge screen TVs playing sports galore. We had to ask them to turn the volume down because it was deafening but they happily complied. Nice waitress but the food was slow in coming out.
Horrible service !!!! Super slow and they never refill any water\/hot tea without me asking. They don't offer half rolls. The two waitress are really rude and they kept reminding me that they charge for rice.... Omg I get it !
My first time at the China Chili on a trip up from Tucson.  I am a critical reviewer on Yelp--- but I can't find one criticism  for this place ( maybe clean their carpets). The food was all good-- We had fried rice-- the walnut shrimp- peeking duck and stir fried green beans-- with fried banana and ice cream at the end- 
All was piping hot and so so good-- and we will return
Last time I went to Trattoria Nakamura-Ya, I was pretty blown away by their Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti.  It was so good that I knew I had to give it another visit.  I really wanted to order something different this time, but because I liked it so much this first time, I had to order it again, especially since I traveled all the way from San Francisco and there isn't a restaurant over there that makes anything similar.

I also ordered their Kobe Style Beef Carpaccio -- http:\/\/bit.ly\/11dtNC7
This was definitely a great start to my meal.  The beef was very flavorful and I really took my time with this dish.  It was that good!

Now I don't really need to say anything more about the Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti --  http:\/\/bit.ly\/Zgs3hq 
It was just as creamy and delicious as the first time I had it.  I'm glad I didn't pass up on it to try something new.  You really can't go wrong with ordering this!

Once again, awesome food!  It's definitely become one of my must-go restaurants and next time I visit, I hope to try their other specialty dishes, but I won't be surprised if I end up getting another other of their Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti!  Oiishi-Delicioso!!!
I have used Pittsburgh window and door on several occasions and have recommended them to family and friends looking for window repair or replacement. They have done excellent work, they have been well priced, prompt with appointments and I have had no trouble to date with the product they have installed.  I usually deal with Jim Conroy and will continue to use Pittsburgh window and door for repair and replacement work at my home.
There aren't a lot of places around here that are open past 10 pm but this chain is.  So one evening when I was out late and had eaten a late lunch and wasn't hungry at a normal dinner time, I stopped in here after 11-ish for a bite. 

 I got a Foot Long Chili Dog special for $2.99 (with onions), a small Tater Tots,  a small cherry slushie, and a small coffee to save and reheat in my motel room the next mornig.  That cheap hot dog was delicious. The Tater Tots were freakin' awesome!  And I don't even like Tater Tots.  But these were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just enough oil to help it crunch with a wonderful texture.

 I got my cholesterol and calories and sodium quotients  in for the next month in one simple trip.  Ouila!
A truly home vibe. Super friendly service. Great prices and perfect portions. LOTSA breakfast variety. Killer homemade salsa was the icing on the cake for my biscuits n gravy. Family run and local. A big shoutout for this cafe\/diner
I got the Tan Tan ramen (if you like it spicy I would ask for a higher spice level because it's not spicy as is) and it was full of flavor and a good portion too! The interior is really nice, great customer service- would come again!
Went here a few weeks ago during Octoberfest. I am German so it was a nice place to get German beer. I loved the back patio, that included life-sized Jenga games, bags, and a ping pong table. The waitress was super nice, food was good, and I loved the selection of beers. Will be back! :)
Absolutely love this place!! I travel from Miami for all my services since they are the only ones I trust! So clean, friendly, and experienced I'm so glad I found this place
I would have given this place 5 stars but a couple  things need improvement, the long lines \/wait and getting the order right. 
I 've been to this restaurant about 20 times or more , I love  the mango chicken salad.
    Take out is what I do because the line is always too long.
  For the last three times they got my order wrong. Each time they gave  me a  dinner for free on the next visit. I'm not looking for a free dinner , I just want what I ordered.  I will definitely be double checking and I will  have the  person taking the order repeat it back to me.

If I didn't call my order in I would be line for a very long time ,I wish they would speed things up and get the order right because I really like this place.
Ordered burger from work. 5 High Priest Burgers. Service was great and on time. I would definitely order food from this place again.... Only on my "Cheat Days"....:)
I was skeptical about having my wedding in Vegas but Vegas Weddings totally changed my perspective they literally did everything possible to accommodate us and our guests! The wedding planner made me feel like I was a celebrity and gave me the VIP treatment. I highly recommend Vegas Weddings to anyone even remotely thinking of having a wedding in Las Vegas!!
SSSoooo "chain" restaurant. Generic, overly salted and way overpriced. I don't eat beef, so maybe that's why I don't get it (I ordered salmon).
The food is great!! I love the authentic Japanese food and there food always tastes very good. I will continue to come to this place!
My husband and I saw this show because we really love Motown.  The show was fantastic and my husband had a huge smile on his face the entire time!  At 30 and 35 years old, we were the youngest people there.

The theater is small and intimate and every seat offers a great view but I have to recommend that you get a booth even though they are more expensive.  The rest of the seating are long tables with 6 chairs each. The stage is horizontal and the tables\/chairs are vertical so you have to turn your head to the side the entire time and your back is pushed into the back of the person at the table behind you.  People at the tables looked uncomfortable.  We sat in the very last row in a booth (the least expensive booths) and still had a great view!  We could see the singers' faces.

There are four singers and a seven piece band.  Don't listen to any reviews criticizing the quality of the musicians because as a classically trained violinist and pianist I can tell you that they all did a fantastic job.  The sound in the theater was really great.  They do a lot of wonderful Motown songs and get the audience involved a lot.  They also tell quick stories of how they started out in Australia, have been together for 22 years, and show pictures of themselves as young boys.  Some of the reviews say this stuff was boring but I found it interesting and endearing.  After the show you can say hi to them or purchase CD's.  We really loved it and recommend it to anyone who loves Motown.
Good pizza and the garlic knots were very good. Nice to find a place close to the house that's actually worth going to. I eat here for lunch often and it's always good.
Did the drive up! Had the popcorn chicken! Not too bad, but chicken costs are pretty high!
Service was good and fast!
I had Sharetea first in San Mateo, CA so I was excited to see it in Toronto.  IT'S STILL THE BEST.  Got the mango green tea creama 50% sugar, less sugar.  They gave a cute little plastic knife to cut the top to drink up that delicious cream.  Next time I'd go 30% sugar but the bubbles were perfect.
I'm very thrilled to have found another Bing-Soo (Korean shaved ice) place besides The Street located in Asiana Market plaza. (I personally have never been to that one so I won't be making comparisons) We ordered a In-Jeol-mi (mochi) bing soo and a mango bingsoo. I was actually torn between Strawberry and Mango flavors but our staff offered to mix the two in halves and why nawt? :)! Comparing theirs to Taiwanese\/Vietnamese shaved ice places, their ice was much much lighter and thinner, and milk flavored. It literally just melted in my mouth. I wish the portions were a little bigger though because they were gone after 5-6 Scoops (or maybe because we are just fatasses) I wonder why they don't use sweet redbean paste like traditional korean shaved ice should have. The prices were about right, interior was very modern and clean, has a K-town feel to it. Definitely a new oasis in this desert city. Will come back soon!
I was referred to Nancy from my hair dresser to get my eyebrows microbladed and I absolutely love her and my brows! She is so detailed and really has the vision for great brows. Great follow up. Will definitely be returning to Nancy for other treatments.
My wife & I went for their Friday the 13th special. Staff were very friendly & professional. We are both extremely satisfied with our tattoos
Lobbys revived. This has alway been one of my favorite places for burgers. Menu is the same as Lobbys and the food is awesome.
Mmm, reminds me of the hoagies in Philadelphia. Found my new sandwich shop for Toronto.

Ingredients are fresh and sandwich was delicious. Simple and satisfying. My only thing is I wish the bread was a but more softer (personal preference but my memories of Philly hoagies were that the bread was slightly crispy but ooh soo melt in your mouth soft).

Would definitely come back again. Weekday lunch hour rush was a bit busy, would recommend ordering ahead of time with ritual.
Great place for lunch! Hot dogs were delicious and the chili cheese fries were amazing. Definitely come hungry because the portions are large.
Raw and flavorless zucchini.  Cola station is entirely too small..people are reaching over each others drinks in an attempt to get straws and lids.  The  tables are entirely  too close to each other.  We will not be back.
I came here to write a paper and I couldn't help by be distracted from the lack of professionalism by the staff. There were some young men who were flirting with one of the baristas and from the customer side of the counter one of them was throwing something at one of the baristas. I think he was trying to get something in the coffee that she was making. I was going to buy a coffee but who knows what he was throwing, and I don't want it to end up in my cup. If it were up to me I would have told him to leave, because clearly the young lady could not do her job properly with him there.
Several months ago I walked in like always and waited to be next in line for my stylist and someone who got there after me got called first so when I questioned it I was told that they were starting to take appointments and although I was upset I continued to come to this location because after all I have been coming for almost 20 years and appointments would be more convenient. 

Yesterday 1\/27\/17 I called and made an appointment for my husband with a specific stylist for 10am cause that is what time she was coming in. So today 1\/28\/17 We arrived minutes before 10am and sat down and watched the stylist come in to report to work. Once she prepared herself and got ready to take her first customer whom I assumed was my husband because that is who the appointment was made for. She takes another customer and when I spoke up and said we had an appointment she said yeah but she's been waiting awhile. So my husband asked then what good is it to make an appointment. She was like well we are told when they have been here awhile we have to take them first. Which is utterly ridiculous. Never have I been in any place of business where a walk in is served first prior to an appointment. If we had been late then that would be the only explanation that would make sense but we weren't. 

So tell me why am I making an appointment if you are not going to honor it?????   

Angie
I just have to tell you - how much I LOVE Reverend Amy and Chapel at the Farm!! 

I have worked with Reverend Amy over the course of the last 5 years at SEVERAL weddings and events, and she always does amazing ceremonies and the couples have had nothing but amazing things to say about her!  She has become a wonderful colleague and friend - and I would recommend her to ANYONE!!!!!  

I was lucky enough to photograph Stacy and Darren's wedding there this past weekend, and it was AMAZING!  

THE CEREMONY:  Amy was not able to be there day of this particular wedding, so one of her associates, Jacquelyn officiated.  The ceremony was about 10 minutes long, and just perfect for the couple, it was very intimate and sweet.  Perfect.

THE SERVICE:  Jacquelyn and Melanie were there to help make sure things ran smoothly for the bride and groom, they were very attentive and SO great to work with!  

OVERALL:  If you are looking for a venue for an intimate and fun wedding - THIS IS YOUR PLACE!!  You will love Chapel at the Farm!!!  

If you would like to view some of the photos from their wedding - follow this link - www.ivystudiosphoto.com\/slideshows\/Shaw_wedding  You'll see how beautiful Chapel at the Farm is!  

Thank you to the amazing team for making it such a fun and seamless morning!!  

- Shelly Ivy
Ivy Studios Photography
Love the food at El Encanto DOS .
In my opinion they have the best Mexican food in town and it is close to home
Who's perfect? Right!? But when it come to correcting a mistake you should have excellent customer service. After calling we had to email 4 times and then call to confirm they received emails at their request because "they get so much email." This confirmation call took at least half an hour. Two days later they emailed us to say the photos were not attached, so we the sent original email again. The following week we were offered 50% credit or a reprint, a reprint is what we had asked for when we put in the original claim. Who would accept 50% credit on a unusable product that they had paid full price for? We still haven't received the reprint for this particular order (or the reprint of another product from this past April.)
We have been using Overnight Prints for many years but they're hard to deal with when there is a problem, which there seem to be more and more of.
I am not a review writer. But I think that when you find a good health care practitioner in this city you should share it. I had my last (4th) wisdom tooth removed this morning. Getting the first 3 removed was the most horrible experience of my life. But Dr. Letelier and his staff put me completely at ease, answered all of my questions and never made me feel like I was being overly anxious, which I was. He did an excellent job. My own dentist wouldn't even touch my tooth because of it's proximity to the nerve, but Dr. Letelier is a master. The tooth is removed, I have no nerve damage and am well enough this evening to resume my regular activities. Thank you so much Dr. Letelier!!!
I absolutely love this Company! I had a leak under my kitchen sink and called. It was a Saturday and they said that they could get someone out to me later in the day. I was just happy to get same day service but it got even better when the plumber arrived. He was very knowledgeable, polite and explained to me what he was doing step by step as he fixed my leak. 
The price was great! I expected to pay much more. You know how everyone dreads when they have to call a plumber- it can sometimes be pretty costly. Not these guys - super reasonable. I'm telling everyone about them!
This is one of my favourite places for cupcake and macarons. They usually have a good variety of macarons and the flavours are a bit more different than the regular chocolate and vanilla ones. They are quite expensive but well worth it. The cupcakes are also very fluffy and moist. I tend to like my cupcakes that way. 

Their regular cakes, however, aren't up to par. It tasted like any other cake that I could pick up from loblaws so I'd stick to the cupcakes and macarons. The hot chocolate was very creamy too and when added with toasted marshmallow, it was heaven! But be warned that it is quite sweet! 

This place has a very serene feel to it so it's quite nice to spend an afternoon there sipping some tea.
So i went to the same mcdonalds again on central\/southern and praying everyday that the mcdonalds on 19ave\/ baseline opens up really soon just because iam hoping they have better customer service skills. So i went yesterday ordered 2 large fries 20peice nuggets and a big mac. When i pulled up to the window and they gave me my food they gave me no sauce no ketchup and no napkins? Then i waited there after i got my food and sasquash opens up the window again like if saying "what am i still doing here". I was like "can i get sum ketchup, sauce for my chicken nuggets and napkins? and she gives me this look that made think about putting my hands up to protect my face as if she was going to strike at me from a distance because i asked for too much! So i left and thought to myself who in their right mind will approve mcdonalds employees get paid $15 dollars  an hour and dont even have people skills. Like i said before you get better customer service at a hot dog stand.
Hands down one of the best sushi experiences I've ever had. Sushi was really fresh and the service was second to none. Definitely worth a detour off the strip.
Wow. This place is great. I've been here twice already for refuge after a couple of work trips out to Vegas. Grouchy John's is my little oasis before heading off to the airport. I have had the grouchy john latte which is awesome because I love amaretto. I have also had the pumpkin spice latte, which truly was the best pumpkin spice latte drink I've ever had (obviously better than big chains). 

The turkey wrap I got was amazing too, with fresh bell peppers, spring mix lettuce greens, tomato, cheddar cheese and honey mustard. It was so fresh and made to order. They even wrapped it in plastic wrap for me upon request so that I could take it through airport security to have for dinner later!

I also love the comfy chairs in the back, there's plenty of seating and cozy bookshelves everywhere. It feels like my home away from home. The servers\/baristas are super friendly and nice. This place is also affordable and not a rip off. I guess I can't say enough good things about it! When I'm ever back in Vegas, this place will be my first stop.
So I went in with a couple of friends first time going we had $200 worth of gift certificates we had to use there ... being a local I never got to try this spot since I always just go to my local sushi spots but sushi roku impressed me! :) if you're looking for a sushi spot with a great ambiance and great view of the strip I recommend it ! My favorite was the rock shrimp I think that's what it's called omg and their rolls are to die for ! Also the shishito peppers wow! Yes def better than NOBU (no shade ) the waitress I wished I knew her name was a sweetheart and her  recommendations were on point , she knew what she was talking about ;) def sushi roku my new favorite sushi spot
I went to my first college baseball stadium game today, two actually as this was the second day of the Rebel Classic. Hawaii v Bradley played first, then Loyola Marymount v UNLV. I kind of expected a larger stadium, due to exposure from watching professional baseball games on TV, but after awhile, it grew on me. UNLV students get in free which is always a bonus. I just flashed my ID card at the gate and walked in.

After the first game, I switched over to the Home side where UNLV would be playing and met a bunch of really nice people, albeit crazy for the love of the game. They were awesome and told me stories about players and baseball, as well as heckling the other team with shouts of "Hey!" and barking noises. It was a lot of fun to be in the middle of it all. One kid even got a baseball just for sitting near the dug out with his dad.

The bathrooms were clean and the hot dog I bought at the concession stand was warm and delicious. This was my first college baseball stadium and it was certainly a great one.

Best part? UNLV won it in the bottom of the ninth. Go Rebels!
I've seen most shows in Vegas and this one was a pure delight. These Aussies have great voices and whomever had a bad review on this show need their head examined.
They have been together since High School and highly recommend show if your into Motown. Try and get a center seating area but anywhere you sit is a good seat.
Shades Tanning Boutique is amazing! For years I tanned at a name known salon and was never given the service I paid for. Shades Tanning gives you that one on one service. 
      Whenever you go there you are always greeted with your name either by Denise or her daughter, Olivia. This tanning place also lets you leave your purchased tanning lotion there! It's labeled with your name and kept safe. (Very convenient.) 
        If you want to tan at a place that makes you feel at home, I suggest you try Shades Tanning Boutique!
First time here...I had the chicken basil pesto.  Very tasty but portion size could have been a bit larger. I sat outside and enjoyed the gorgeous weather. The menu selection seemed huge so I'm sure there are many other things to try (sandwiches, paninni, wraps, salads, etc).  The soups also looked good.  I came around 1pm and the service was relatively fast.  I'll give this place another try for sure!
What a great experience! Good people, good conversation, great haircut! I will be a lifelong client of Elliott and Co.
Four stars due to the food and the ambiance of the place. It's a charming little restaurant. I was taken back by how rude the staff was. After eating I went to make a purchase from the gift area and the associate made no effort at all to be even moderately polite. Bummer because I really liked the food! This restaurant has potential if they can staff it properly!
I spent 1500 dollars on gift cards for my mechanics to help out buying boots. They bragged about their rewards program which now they say is no good when you buy gift cards. Now you tell me after you got my money. I will take my money to a more honest company from now on. Your prices are out of line with everyone else anyhow.
So whoever is giving this place a low star rating, MUST have fell and bumped their head. The food was amazing! I had the rib dinner with Mac and cheese it blew my mind. The place is intimate but the food is explosive. Paul the owner was super friendly and made me feel like family. Thanks Paul I'll see you again real soon
Love it here so much fun nice  karaoke place in town would definitely come back again .
Today my boyfriend and I came here for dinner before our movie. Came around 6:30 on q Sunday and it was fairly busy, however we were sat immediately. 

Our server was Kevin aka 'kev' 

We ordered the four cheese dip to start- came quickly, was warm and overall tasty. 

For entrees- I had the chicken tacos (which they now give two bigger instead of three smaller). They were fairly good. No complaints about them. My boyfriend has the Canadian burger with fries. It was a pretty average burger, but it was good overall.

Nutella waffle for dessert- very underwhelming and overrated. Tbh boarder line terrible. Stale, cold waffle with Nutella squeezed out of a bottle. Would not recommend. 

Kevin was great overall. Service with a smile snd offered great recommendations.

Our bill came to just over $49 for two people with apps, sodas, and 1\/2 dessert 

The restaurant is a goodspot for quick, average food but don't expect GREAT food.

Food 3\/5 
Service 5\/5 
Value 4\/5
Overall 4\/5
One of those places that can not possibly serve bad food...! Lunch, specifically, is very nice, quick and affordable... All their curries as well as entrees are equally good and you can ogfcourse adjust the level of spice as in all Thai places... ( that's something I don't like but serves good for those who don't eat spicy food)... Thai coffee is one of my favourites too...
Great but docked stars for an employee. 
The man running the cash register was not friendly & didn't know the pastries when I requested by photos, and while enjoying our food my bf pointed out that he had been wearing the same gloves since we walked in, using the register, handling money, putting together pastries and cleaning the floors.  Baba au rhum and pistachio roll were amazing. Almond croissant & pistachio bread were pretty hard & wouldn't order again, but we did come at 5pm. The chicken crepe was great too!
Have been here couple times. Service and food here never disappoint me. This is the place to get some authentic Thai food.
These doughnuts are fresh! Just rolled through the drive through to get breakfast. service was fast and the doughnuts were fresh as usual. If you like fresh doughnuts this is the place for you.
I'm newer to the valley and every time someone mentions a great place to try, it's Postino. I went with three other people and everyone loved their meal. For a Saturday night at 730pm, it wasn't crazy busy, nor was there a wait. I loved the ambiance. It's trendy and cozy and the outdoor seating was great. The bruschetta board that I heard so much about was to die for. Everything on my board tasted fresh and delicious. And I would go back in a heartbeat just for that.  The pub board was also amazing, soft pretzels and mustard were just incredible. I need to go back for brunch. But all in all. Very pleased with this place!
In Las Vegas this is the Seafood Maximus. 
If you are a seafood lover you'll fall in love twice, wait is that even possible? And if you are not a seafood lover I have to warn you the content is dangerously in love.
My favorite plate is the Molcajete. No other place in The Valley has the tastiest, most chingon (coolest) in town.
They have five different types of Molcajetes depending on your preference. The Molcajete Apache, which has pork ribs, the Azteca which has steak, chicken and chorizo. The Molcajete ranchero which contains steak and chicken. And the killer Molcajete Volcán cuidado! 
It has crab, shrimp, octopus and Prawns. You can also order Tacos or Botanas. Botanas are their specialty, they are plates with different kinds of shrimp combinations. To mention are few are shrimps consentidos, shrimps al vapor or camarones locos. Don't forget the famous cócteles de camaron (shrimp cocktails) oysters, and prawns. The envious seven sea soup, and save the best for last. The Aguachiles. Only the aguachiles served here meet my expectations. The hard part is choosing which of the five you will eat, the loco is my preferred. Visit the seafood Maximus and you'll realize the value of this place, you won't find a replacement. Trust me on this one.
Came here in the morning to have some pho. I ordered small steak and meatball pho. It was okay I thought I didn't like there meatballs, the steak was pretty good. The broth was a little salty but otherwise I would go back when I visit Vegas!
Stopped in for lunch today, and we were pleasantly surprised. Fresh food, fast service, and very clean restaurant. The soup is wonderful, I loved my salad and my husband loved his grilled cheese. We will definitely be coming again.
Finally a legit auto repair shop run by upstanding guys who won't lie or try to rip you off. I took my 2010 Camaro here because the dealer told me I had a coolant leak and I also wanted to check out a rattle in my exhaust. After having the car for about 3 hours and pressurizing the system several times they determined there was no coolant leak and identified the rattle as coming from my resonated X pipe. The best part...they didn't charge me a dime because they didn't do any repair work. They could have easily charged me for the time my car was at the shop but they didn't and as a result I will be taking my car back to replace the resonated X when my new one comes in and for all future work I need done.
This review is strictly on the Pho as I'm unwilling to try anything else off the menu after driving half way across the city for its delicious broth. I can honestly say that the broth at this Pho restaurant is my favorite in the city, you can really taste all the different spices used but none of them over power the other. I am a huge fan and recommend it to any true fan of Pho
I made reservations. Walking in, no one knows what's going on. The place I  made reservations for was closed. Okay. 
So we sit in main hall. After we stand there for 5 min., "oh you seat yourself" okay, I told the girl it was our first time. Didn't know that. Were greeted by 2 different waitresses, no one knows who's table is who's- but they do know a lot about the beer! 
Good beer. 
Got Cleveland restaurant week special. $50 for an app, 2 dinners and 2 desserts.  
Apps were all fried, they were ok. Dinner was amazing. Pot roast and the sausage sampler. Dessert was not very good. Apple strudel was not very sweet and kinda burnt, cream puff was better than strudel but not incredible. 
The lady who ended up being our server was super great. Over all a good night. Pot roast saved the evening!
Mostly seafood on this menu!! The chicken and Caesar salad was a nice alternative for myself which I'm not a fan of seafood. My party enjoyed all the appetizers on the menu and the broccoli soup!  Our waiter even  played along with our Casper the ghost  fourth guest!!
Happy Birthday, Chutney Rolls! Indian food -fast, flavorful, and delicious! The Lipta Lamb is my favorite, but I love everything I have tried. Many vegetarian options as well!
We called in Nate for help with our new puppy, she was very oral and mouthing, she then moved into some other issues that became very  difficult and stressful to deal with. Nate was with us every step of the way with advice, changing training plans and just being all out an amazing resource for us. He is extremely approachable and takes time to answer my frequent texts as we work through having a challenging puppy, when we had old and calm girls who passed away. Thank you Nate for your patience  with this crazy and overly emotional pet owner..and for always listening and helping out. I was in animal rescue for many years and have seen many people who train dogs but not everyone has the gift that Nate has. And the heart to go with it. You will not be disappointed If you go with Innate Dog Training.
Ok I read the reviews and hesitated to write a review because my brother loves this place. I didn't. 
One review someone wrote about how the salmon nigri the rice falls off and breaks easy 100% true. 
Someone wrote they take so long to get your order 100% true. Someone wrote the place is so small 100% true. Besides there was a damn fly the wouldn't get away from us. The ONLY THING I liked was the Vegas freak. This place had burnt food. The way they sent the food was unprofessional and I don't care what anyone says this place is Deff on the top of the WORST sushi places ever. Go to Umiya on flamingo and desert inn or kaizen in Henderson where people actually listen to what u want to order.
I discovered ATS through a google search, and I am so happy I did!   After 2 other calls to T-Shirt screenprinters for a rush job for my best friends bachelorette party, I was not called back by one of them, and the other told me I had to use their shirts, and it would be really pricy.  ATS told me I could use my own shirts(Whew, I already bought them!) and they would finish it in less than a week for me.  I even had to drop off 6 more shirts the morning they were doing my project, and they accomodated me!  

The pricing was great, the quality was great, and the customer service was amazing.  Mike Ince helped me, and I would refer this company to anyone looking to make some sweet shirts for any occasion.  Now that I know how easy it is, I will be using them for any and all events, because we got so many compliments on our fun shirts!  

Thanks ATS for making my best friends bachelorette party so much fun!  (Even though I don't remember much of it... :-))
Just left Walmart off of eastern and serene. Went for onesies they didn't have them so we turned around to leave. My boyfriend was on his Segway for the whole 15 minutes we were there.. At the exit we get yelled at from department manager "kwame" to get off or he'll throw us out of the store. We explained to him we were leaving.. Clearly we were at the exit and he insisted on yelling at my boyfriend threatening him if he didn't get off..  My boyfriend turned around to confront him on how unprofessional he was and asking him if he really thought it was okay for him to treat people like that.. Especially when he's in the position that he's in and represents one of the largest corporate companies.. He got in my boyfriends face, spitting the McDonald's at him that he just got done eating. I grabbed my boyfriend to just walk out and we left. In all honesty he would've gotten off the Segway if asked correctly and treated differently. Extremely disappointed in the amount of disrespect and poor customer service skills... Think it's time for Walmart to step up on the training for their management !
Stopped by to give Vaping another try. John was there and asked me questions and preferences. Then let me try some flavors to make sure I left with one I would enjoy, then sampled some devices to find one I would enjoy. He really took care of me and helped work around my budget. I'm highly satisfied with my device and juice. Will be shopping here from now on.
Being from the East coast and a Chinese food connoisseur I found this place to be phenomenal. The dumplings are some of the best I've ever eaten along with the riblets pork and beef. The staff is extremely friendly and it's set in a very casual diner like atmosphere.
Amazing chicken. Great prices. Even for the margaritas. Great hole in the wall place. Very loud and not the best service, but would go again and recommend.
I thought the dinner was really good! Good beer selection and the waiter was on it and friendly. We had the sea bass and lamb chops plus a side of French onion soup. Plenty of food and delicious.
Always my fave spot when on the late night hunger. Amazing employees who always welcomes you and if you come often will become your friend! I've been going here for years and I love it.

Fave dish is adobo and chicken katsu! They already know when I walk in. Hell, even when I don't come in for a long awhile, they still remember. Haha. Anyway, everything that I've tried is always wonderful. Cooked to perfection and served warm and fresh. Can never go wrong with aloha! :D
At long last, I can have dim sum for dinner! 

I can't always go when most dim sum is offered at restaurants and sometimes, I only crave it for dinner, so my family and I are so glad that we found Yum Cha. 

The location is easily accessible (short drive from Henderson or the strip) and the restaurant is very clean. They have TVs all around showing food shows and the news but the sound is off so it's not distracting. The food shows are pretty interesting (showing different food from Asia).

The staff has been really friendly each time and very attentive.

During the day (lunch) their dim sum is available via push carts (steamed items) while other items are made fresh to order. At dinner time, everything is fresh to order! They also have a full Chinese menu for the non-dim sum fans. Once again, this is perfect for my picky family.

Our favorite dim sum items are:
Siu mai (pork and shrimp)
Pork ribs in black bean sauce
Potstickers
Pork buns
Beef tripe

We have also tried their sweet and sour pork and fried rice from their regular menu and both were really good and better than other we have eaten elsewhere.

They also have noodle soups and duck on the menu.

I definitely recommend Yum Cha to anyone who loves dim sum (especially for dinner) and for anyone looking for Chinese food. It's worth the drive.
Absolutely love this place! I have never had a bad experience, the entire staff is great! They tend to stay pretty busy, is advise making an appt but they will for sure accommodate you as a walk in, you may just have to wait a bit.
My husband and I do most of our grocery shopping at this Giant Eagle.  Not too much to it.  How can you get excited about a grocery store?  We buy most of our staples here, although we buy most of our meat and produce in the Strip District.
This place used to be a decent place to live. Then Mission Rock property management bought it and its gone downhill. There's no communication between the office staff. Air conditioner problems? Don't get me started. We've been battling with them for two months now to fix ours. Apparently their "on call" staff isn't exactly on call. Two hours and still waiting for a response from them. My apartment has become almost unlivable. I'm delirious from sleep deprivation because of this. Four more months left in my lease and I'm actually thinking about breaking it. DO NOT RENT HERE!!!
My wife remember coming here a while back and so she said we had to go.  Happy she made me because this place is great!  Definite bang for your buck. We ordered the paella and almost killed it lol, definitely serves 4!

We also got some other tapas that were very good.  For dessert I got the chocolate tres leches cake. Yummy!!
Came here on a Saturday night.  We were greeted with very helpful employees.  They were patient while we decide on which ice cream and doughnut to choose. 

We decided to have some matcha green tea ice cream which was very yummy!  It was on point. 

My son had m&m donut and he was in heaven.  I had appie pie donut and my husband had maple Bacon which were both delicious. 

They make your donuts to order so they are very fresh.  With that though of course there is some wait time. 

The place is very clean and family friendly and will definitely come back again! 

Of note,  prior to this visit, we were able to try their pumpkin ice cream at an event and it was very good that we decided to visit their place!
My favorite place!!  Bruschetta is amazing and I love the Italian Picnic salad.  Service is always great.
My favorite place to eat for quick good food whenever I need to eat. I can eat here everyday if I wanted. Their steak salad is the best thing to eat here
As I write this review, I've been waiting for a table for 45 minutes but am looking at a half empty restaurant.  This location of Hickory Tavern has just opened and the management apparently wasn't prepared.  I've been told that the kitchen staff "doesn't know the menu yet" and is backed up, and so they're delaying seating for 45 minutes to allow the kitchen to catch up.  I anticipate the kitchen manager and GM will both be getting a pink slip after this weekend!  Major fail.
Came here for brunch with the lady. Portions are quite large. Presentation is amazing. Service was excellent. Place was really quiet for Saturday brunch.

What we ate:

French toast and poached nashi: Super sweet. Fruits were really fresh. Really enjoyed this one.

Breakfast bento: interesting for brunch. The rice was tasty. The pork belly was really juicy and addictive. Lots of food.

Salmon tataki on toast: the wasabi was kinda noticeable but mild. The salmon was really good. Presentation was amazing.

Overall, probably would eat here again if in the area.
Good ice cream! Not too sweet. We had a strawberry ice cream and a chocolate mint. Like the strawberry one better.
I have been a loyal customer of H and R for years to get my taxes done. This year I received a letter from the IRS stating they never received my state payment. I immediately called the branch and drove to the branch to speak with a representative as payment to the state was done while at the office during tax filing. Sat down with the advisor and she immediately told us that WE needed to call the IRS and handle it ourselves without any guidance to help us resolve, and that she wasn't able to do anything. We showed her proof of payment in which was processed at the branch and questioned why "she wasn't able to do anything". She then stated that she would call the IRS to get this handled as I am assuming she just wanted to say what we wanted to hear. She said she would call us in a couple days to follow up with us after she stated she would call the IRS the following business day. A week goes by and no phone call at all. Called the branch a week later and she stated she never mentioned that she would call the IRS to help us clear up the issue. At that point, I realized that H and R block will only be helpful when they want your money and new clients. Unfortunately due to this, H and R block has lost another client. I would highly suggest looking elsewhere.
Used the travel zoo voucher here and got the surf and turf rodizio for 4 and a pitcher of sangria for $115.00.
I have no complaints. The only thing we kind of rolled our eyes at was the charge for the water. I had read about this in the reviews. It appears the brand of water they use here charges a $1.00 a glass for a conservation fee. All refills are free. I had no issue with this, the eye roll was the habit of the waitress of pouring out the glasses and THEN telling you about the fee.

Meats were all great and they came around with amazing frequency. We are all carnivores and were very satisfied. The salmon on the seafood plate was amazing. We will be back if ever in the area and are looking forward to trying Brazilian steakhouses other places we happen to be. The white peach sangria was also incredible.

I guess if i had to come up with something negative it would only be that the tables are situated closer together than i am used to.
Pastry not flaky.

Veg patty pretty dry.

They don't sell goat patties either :(

If you prefer more delicate pastry then skip this place. 

I am thirsty after eating it.
Great chain spot for Thai in Pickering. This location is small, but always clean and the staff are consistently friendly and knowledgeable - whether you're eating in or ordering takeout over the phone. Quick note on takeout: if they say something will be ready in fifteen minutes, they actually mean it!

My go-to order is usually the Thai One One chicken fried rice and whatever meat dish they have on special. I've yet to be disappointed with any of them. I particularly like the green curry chicken, which is spicy and delicious!

The portions are large, as some other reviewers mentioned, so they're definitely meant for sharing. An order of rice with one meat dish is enough for my husband and I, with plenty leftover for lunch the next day.

Their appetizers are good too, although they're a bit overpriced for what you get. I got the samosas once, and they were tasty, but there were only three small ones. I thought their apps would be somewhat suitable for sharing (much like their mains) but it didn't quite turn out like that.

Regardless, this is a good place when you have a sudden Thai craving in the east end.
L-O-V-E this guy! He has helped me numerous times over the last 10+ years. My job is physically demanding so I end up with lots of aches and pains. Not to worry--Dr. Strickland, who by now I consider a family friend, always works out the kinks. Run (if you can...), don't walk to get this wonderful man to fix you up!!!
I went to Bootmaster about 5 years ago and got myself a pair of Frye boots for motorcycling. Helen took great care of me and I still have the boot today and they are like new - great quality\/

I had mentioned to my wife on several occasions that we should go so she could see what I had been talking about for years. There are tons of boots to fit any budget and any style from  a standard cowboy boot to a very ornate and expensive boots, Anyway, a couple of weeks ago we finally made it with out two daughters and it was awesome. Helen was still there and she was great in helping us find what looked on good on us, fit our personalities and more importantly fit our feet. We bought three pairs of boots and we are all supremely satisfied with the quality and the service. having been in retails for many years I cannot express how great Helen is in making you feel special and knowing what you should be wearing. Great customer service is a dying art so Helen - thank you so much!!!!

Highly recommend!! Cool to find an "old western" feel type of store in downtown Yonge Street.
Just moved here and decided to stop in for happy hour. Super friendly service.Got the house margarita (SOOO good) Also chicken nachos which are amazing! Will definitely be back sometime to try out dinner.
I love DD.  I hate this DD.  They're always terribly slow and they run out of something different everyday.  When my wife and I go through this drive thru we jokingly come up with our order and then our backup order while we wait.  More often than not we have to invoke the backup order because they've run out of something common like bagels, plain donuts, or cups.  It's a joke.  Also, I've waited in the drive thru for upwards of 25 minutes before because the staff is slow.  I've also received the wrong food on occassion.  If it wasn't for it's proximity to my workplace I'd never come here.
A not-so-long awaited update on one of the perennial boba all-stars of Las Vegas.

This is the original No. 1 Boba Tea on Spring Mountain, inside the Chinatown Mall. Don't confuse this with the vastly inferior second location on Eastern, but do note that a new location on Flamingo and Fort Apache (Smith's plaza) is in the works (forgot to ask when #3 would open, sorry). They always use fresh fruit in their delicious smoothies, of which I've now tasted mango, taro, avocado, and even durian. I would definitely get all of those again except durian. It's actually not as foul-tasting as it smells, but it wasn't particularly captivating and costs extra.

Today, I finally decided to break that smoothie streak with a tea. I chose the green milk tea, which sounded appealing even without the note proclaiming a "new and improved" recipe (although photo evidence suggests that this recipe has been present since June 2014 if not longer). The milk and tea flavors were assertive and balanced, and the default sweetness level was lower than you might expect at some places. The boba isn't the best in town, but it was chewy and not overdone. I would be happy with any place in any city that could sell me a milk tea with that flavor.

I never get the "regular" 16 oz size because an upgrade gives you a lot more value. At $3.95 for 24 oz smoothies or teas-that-aren't-standard-milk-tea, a price that includes tax _and_ pearls (can't substitute a different topping, fyi), there's really no point in settling for significantly less when it costs $3.50.

The great milk tea and smoothies that can't be beat will keep me coming back, and they should draw you here if you haven't had the pleasure yet.
Went tonight - party of two.
Almost empty
Stage was set for karaoke which would have been fun! 
Clean restaurant . 
He ordered curry beef and steamed rice  with a side of egg rolls.
I ordered beef noodle soup and side of sticky rice.

Would rate a 1.5 if we could. 
Server was rushing but pleasant. 
Curry was edible but runny and the beef hadn't marinated in or cooked in it . Just thrown in at the last minute .
Steamed rice was fine- bland as expected
Egg rolls were horrible . Rated 1 out of 5

Beef noodle soup was so potent that i couldn't eat it . I'm accustomed to pho or Latin American flavored soups but this was totally diff - could've been exactly how it was supposed to taste but I don't know! To me, the aroma itself was nauseating. I didn't even eat one bite - tried the broth and couldn't stand it any more.
Sticky rice was good - steamed in the traditional woven bamboo-looking thing.

$26 total before our $10 restaurant.com coupon. We paid $16
Went there again recently.  This time, sat at the bar and watched sports while eating their steak.  It was great like the last time...   well with a SURPRISE.


The bill was HALF of what it used to be.  Apparently, the slashed their price so what I paid over $60 last time was like $25.  WHAT?

You can't go wrong here folks.
One word can sum up my experience at Maizie's- Unremarkable. 

The restaurant is a cute place, and I really wanted to like it. 

The service was slow. Our server would disappear for long periods of time, leaving us with empty glasses, and we watched as other tables got their food, even though we had ordered before them. I am not sure what is so difficult about making a sandwich, but clearly there was some rocket science type stuff going on back there that caused a 25 minute wait for the food.

I had the veggie burger with fries, and my sister had a salad with ancho orange dressing and a cup of potato soup. 

I didn't try the salad, but the dressing was described to me as "tinted mayonnaise with no flavor". The thick and chunky potato soup got a better response- it was actually really good. 

About the veggie burger...kudos to Maizie's for making them in-house, but for crying out loud- could you give them some flavor, please? I now understand why the burger is served with apricot tzatziki and red onion marmalade- without them, the burger is tasteless. Ah well, the fries were good. 

One more nit picky thing that drives me crazy about this place- spelling errors on the menu. Seriously, there isn't a computer today that doesn't come with some form of spell check. Use it. 

I doubt I will be back to Maizie's. Nothing about the visit thrilled me.
Have been coming to this bar for years now, I must say it's had such an improvement!! I love what they've done with the bar. The food is also excellent, I highly recommend the wings!
Upon moving to AZ, we tried Z'Tejas and I was not a fan.  I can't say why exactly - the food just didn't do much for me.  

I gave it another shot recently and I'm a convert!  My smoked chicken quesadilla was delish and they have a great drink menu (I had a watermelon concoction with black sea salt).  Staff was great!
Best cleaning company we have used ! Very professional, on time, and willing to work with all my needs ! This company went above expectations! A++
Really good food, cleaner ten before after their recent remodeling and expand their place .
We are in love of their eggplant plate 
Price are really reasonable and good great potion that you can share with some family member 
Highly recommended
The Porch is an Oakland staple. Its hard to guess how many times I've eaten here through my years in grad school for lunch and dinner. Lunchtime is usually pretty busy, but you can order in line, and then get a number which makes it more efficient than waiting to be seated as usual. For dinner, I've often come for the half off specials on pizza after 9pm, which was really convenient and allowed me to sample pretty much every pizza that's on their menu. All of them are pretty good, and the ingredients for all the dishes on the menu I've tried are generally fresh and flavorful.
This location is evil with an evil owner named John and a useless manager named Kimberley.  I would rather watch wallpaper dry tbs. have to deal with this store for anything!!!  This location needs to be shut down.
I love this restaurant! I'm vegan and they accommodate me :) me and friends always come here for a late nice snack our waitress was really pretty and nice her name was Krystal
Staff was very helpful and the homemade marsh mellows were the perfectly paired with the handmade ice cream.
Pretty solid waffle fries and bison burgers were good, overall good vibe nice service , I will be coming back
The food is excellent, however, i dont know if the owners are cheap or what but both this and the PV mall location are outrageously hot like the AC doesnt work.
Additionally, this Glendale and 7th St location reeks like rotten eggs or sewage backup. Both issues are totally fixable so please, please fox them.
My wife and I ate there the other night. The service was good and the price was reasonable for what we had gotten.   My wife ordered the fish sandwich,  which we thought was very small.  I ordered the Club sandwich which tasted wonderful and was so large, I had to take part of it home. It tasted great on the second day also. The  fries were also great and plentiful.
The food tastes good. I will say, I am VERY picky with noodles\/pasta but I always enjoy it at Ottavio. It really does taste like homemade pasta. It's casual dress but the restaurant (Ottavio St. Leonard) itself is quite beautiful however, it's so dark! You can barely see the food on your plate, let alone the people you're with. If you're having a party of some sort & plan to take pictures - just make sure your flash is on the highest option.
I've been coming here for about 6 years now. I come in and they remember my name and are always nice and welcoming, then I leave with my nails looking great every time. My only advice is to always make an appointment, they are very busy.
The coffee is decent and so is the atmosphere. I like the decor of the place and there is definitely some character. Also, you can tell this place supports local events because anyone is pretty much free to post a flyer on the wall. It's hard to find outlets (if any?) so for those equipped w\/ electronics and need to work, this may not be the most optimal place. 

However, if you just need a temporary escape from your campus buildings, kiva han is a great meet up place. There is definitely more seating than the Starbucks across the street (two floors) but the wait at Kiva may just persuade you to take the less decent option at S-bux. 

The sandwiches and wraps are blah but I will vouch for the chili. I'm sure it's not difficult to fuck up chili, but it tastes realllllly good here.
The  food is great but the service is no better than McDonalds.  I had water and a glass of wine spilled on me by 2 different servers.   Once the help improves I can't wait to go back and enjoy the food
My review is simple ordered two pizzas one pulled pork and one pep and olives had a hastle to even pay by card was hung up on and called back to pay yet again was told " driver will take info and pay on delivery " when driver got to house said i was to pay in cash and asked to use my cell phone to call in my debt card for payment 
Horrible horrible service never ate papa johns first time and never will again pizza hut service better than papa johns otherwise sammys pizza way togo
Went in on a Thursday night with a group of about 20 people for our holiday work dinner. The restaurant itself is very unique. I love that it's a very small building at glance but when you first walk through the door you go down a wide rustic wooden staircase and the restaurant is located completely underground. Unforuntiley there is no elevator so keep that in mind. It's a medium size restaurant with 2 small rooms and a large bar. You can hang out in the bar area while waiting to be seated. 

The servers were good! We had 2-3 servers for our large party and additional food\/drink runners periodically. Everyone was super friendly and knowledgable of the menu and any questions we had. We were seated at 2 large tables and one of the tables got their food and finished eating before the other table got their food which was a bummer. We had ordered at the same time too. I know it was a large party but that should have never happened. Luckily with the appetizers, bread, and salad we were patient enough to wait for the meal without starving. Not sure if there was a mix up in the kitchen but the servers never addressed that.

There is a ton of menu options for everyone to enjoy. So even if you don't like seafood there was many other great options such as steak and teriyaki chicken. It is a bit pricey but i feel it's fair to the service, portion, and quality food you are served. 

*** All lobster and crab options are cracked and cut open table-side which is awesome. So don't fear the pain of cracking those crab legs because they do all the work for you!! ***

Each entree is served with bread rolls to start, salad, veggies, and baked potato or daily starch. They had some interesting salad dressings to choose from. I went with the tarragon dressing. Honestly, I hated it but it was because it tasted like mayo to me. But that could be totally a personal preference so I just set it aside because I knew I had plenty of other food coming! 

Food I got:
- Appetizer shrimp cocktail was delicious. Served with 5 huge jumbo shrimp and a flavorful spicy cocktail sauce.
- Surf and turf with 1.5lb lobster and 7oz filet mignon. It was all incredible. They serve the lobster with a lemon butter that was delicious and the steak was cooked perfectly. Had a great char flavor. 

Overall I was satisfied aside from the huge delay in food being sent out. I may come back and sit in the bar for happy hour food so that might be a good way to go for a cheaper route.
I am giving the Walnut Street European Wax Center a 2 star review because it was not such a welcoming experience with the check in girl, DINA. It was my first time here as I referred by a friend, once me and my friend arrived we stated that we BOTH had an appointment, and the receptionist only checked in my friend until I had to remind them that I too was standing there to be seen.

Besides DINA not acknowledging my being checked in, she had a TERRIBLE attitude!!! I'm not sure if DINA was not happy she had to work on Christmas Eve or not but DINA was working and should have been professional and polite at all times. Also she failed to advise me I needed a PA license to obtain half off my services. 

This place wasn't all bad, the person that waxed me, LEXI, was AWESOME!!!! She did a great job and explained everything she was doing before doing so, and also told me about a lot of products they had that would be beneficial to have!

I'm not too sure if I would come back to this location, if I do it will be to see LEXI. Management should, however, consider training DINA again on how to be professional and friendly especially in a customer service environment when you are working with the public.
Torn between 3 vs 4 stars.
This was rated #1 on tripadvisors.com and 4.5 stars on yelp so we had some expectations coming in....The Greek salad was great but a little too much dressing. The kebobs were really delicious and the portions are fair to the price. The service was nice. Overall, no complaints but definitely not the best ever food or service as prior reviews mentioned. All in all, the food was good, the place was clean and service friendly.
Not a very good McD's.  Fountain sodas are flat. Wait times at the drive-thru are ridiculous. Don't bother going inside, it's not any better service. Speak of which, how bout reiterating my order so I don't end up paying for someone else's food.  Disaster avoided! My rating was almost a -2 stars....

Re: drive-thru
Utterly ridiculous. 2 entrances for 1 order terminal\/speaker box (right of way madness). Not to mention the horseshoe turn where it's near likely you'll hit some idiot passing through the drive-thru to get inside the McD's...not worth a visit.
This place rocks!  Spicy Lovers Roll and Kiss of Fire roll are my favorites.  Tried the mushroom soup and really enjoyed it.  The service is always top notch here and the Sushi chefs are the best. This place is small but it is inviting.  They have a good variety on their menu and it accommodates most of my friends palates.
I would have preferred to send this to the owners\/managers of Three Pitts Again but they do not have an email address on their web site. The meat is to die for. Brisket, pulled pork outstanding. They forgot to put cole slaw on mine and I didn't think about it until I left. Would like to have tried it. BBQ sauce excellent. BBQ beans were very good but too too too much sauce. This is a common problem with BBQ beans. My wife had mashed potatoes and gravy with her meat. Instant potatos and jar gravy. If you are going to sell potatoes in a resturant, either go to Costco and buy their's or make your own. Same with the gravy. This is no place to cut corners. Still highly recommend the place but only for the meat. The roll was also fresh and good. Small beers.
We found this place on a list of Top 10 burger places in Arizona, so of course we had incredibly high expectations. It was early afternoon on a weekday when my boyfriend and I stopped by, so it wasn't very busy. It must've been obvious that we were new to this establishment because the cashier (may have been the owner as well?) took the time to go over the menu with us, which was very nice, so we placed our order and took our seat to wait for our food. Immediately we noticed the decor was rather dated - almost like it had a hint of a 50's diner theme, but they didn't quite commit to it enough to complete the look, resulting in a bit of a drab style. Fortunately it wasn't too long of a wait, and the owner even brought our burgers and fries to us.

As for the food itself, it wasn't bad. I'm sad to say my expectations may have been too high, because while the food was decent it was still very average and possibly misplaced on that Top 10 list. The service was wonderful and we'll likely be back eventually since we live close by, but I've certainly had better burgers from places like Five Guys that also make their food fresh. Even the name, Giant Hamburgers - not even the biggest burgers I've had. As I said, not bad, just average.
Sushi Mon is best all you can eat sushi restaurant hands down!  I am just going to lay it out sweet and simple.

Pros:
- Huge parking lot
- Located off the strip so no need to hassle with traffic
- Open until 2 AM, 7 days a week
- Fresh fish \/ creative rolls
- Has an extensive All You Can Eat Menu (rolls, sushi, appetizers, dessert)
- Dinner for All You Can Eat is $26
- Can order half rolls so you get a chance to try out every single roll on the menu
- Friendly staff \/ customer service
- You can order even when you are not done with your previous order when doing the All you can eat.

Cons
- Only 60 Minutes to do All You Can Eat for dinner!

I went with the all you can eat deal.  Boy was it worth every penny. 

Make sure to read the walls because they have specials that maybe included with the All You Can Eat deal.  I was able to order the Albacore and Salmon carpaccio.  I was also able to order a scoop of green tea, plum and red bean ice cream.  If its on the MENU they can't say no.  Why did I even bother asking.

At the end of the night I paid $75 for me and my GF.  And that's with a generous tip!  I am not going to any other place for sushi when I am in Vegas anymore.

If your looking for fresh sushi, delicious Japanese food, friendly service, and at a good value, then you better sprint over to Sushi Mon!!!
This restaurant appeared on Yelp as a new restaurant. Tonight I stopped in to have some dim sum, and I reviewed the menu and decided upon an entrée instead. The meal was excellent and prepared well and very delicious to eat. Upon entering the restaurant I looked at several different tables and the food looked delicious. I had some trouble deciding upon some dim sum and as I decided to try the entrée I knew that I would try dim sum here another time. If you're looking for dim sum or a delicious meal this is definitely the place to put on your radar. There was a little bit of disconnect with my server but that's because he's young and learning the business. That observation should not encourage you to shy away from this restaurant. I'm giving this restaurant a highly recommend.
On August 6, 2013, our laptop and iPad3 were stolen from our hotel room at the Golden Nugget, Las Vegas. We are still waiting for a response from the hotel regarding how they will address this situation. Yesterday, we left a message for them to call us, but they have not returned our call. We have been long term customers, and are very disappointed in their lack of concern as well as servicing issues that we encountered during this visit.
My favorite pizza in Madison. Great list of toppings. Good beers on tap. I would not order this for delivery, as it is best when hot, so EAT IN. People complaining about the service need to relax or assert themselves.
Not looking forward to the long line but I will defintiely be back... Its not your typical ice cream you can definitely see why there are so many chains across the nation. they know what they're doing when it comes to ice cream.. Me and the wifey tried the 4 flavor sampler

Banana Cream, Spouse like a house, Butter Pecan, Chocolate Malt Caramel

The ice cream is very thick and creamy also you can taste that it has high content of butter fat so it made your eyes roll back on first bite. I cant wait for us to try more stuff when we come back.  I think the chocolate malt caramel stood out for me as well as the butter pecan. I dont really like banana ice cream but wifey sure did enjoy it.
I was in Nevada taking courses that cover Anatomy, so this exhibit fit in very well.  I am very much a visual learner, and this exhibit really helps you see where exactly the organs are in the body, how many nerves and blood vessels there are, how smoking affects the lungs, etc.  When I'd first heard of these exhibits, I'd thought it might feel a bit gory to view them, but I found them fascinating -- they actually look almost plastic.  I spent several hours there, because I was reading every bit of info. on the exhibits, since I was in studying mode.  Others can go through quickly, if they only have a cursory interest.  I found it all very educational, and interesting.  

If you work in a health-related field, I believe this is something you should see; if you are dealing with chronic health issues, this is likely very informative of how intricately connected the parts of the body are; and if you have a curiosity to better understand how things work, this is an intriguing exhibit.  Unless you are extremely squeamish, or just not into this kind of thing, I would highly recommend seeing this exhibit.
You cannot go wrong with this place.  Everything NYC authentic... sandwiches, cream soda, pickles, etc...you won't leave still hungry.
I took a CCW class here and had some time to look around before the class. I was interested in looking at an H&K handgun and after mentioning that I had just bought a different model, was informed that they are good but overpriced (with a pretty snobby know-it-all attitude). Then I was shown a Glock and was told they could get it coated in different cool colors. Thanks, but that's not at all what I was interested in. Based on my experience I will take my business elsewhere. A little tact goes a long way. This isn't the only gun shop in town and I can find better service and better prices elsewhere.
This place has some of the best latte's I've ever had in my life...which is saying a lot because I'm a huge coffee drinker. The service here is wonderful and gave great recommendations. Will definitely come back!
Donald and Kyheem encountere A snake in my attic on their first visit (yikes!) They were very professional, completed they work they could and offered to come back the next day after the exterminator had come with no additional service charge. Work was done efficiently and neatly and clean up was great!
Best grocery store in my area. Staff is always friendly and helpful.. Most importantly prices are great and if you don't agree you can price match!! I have been shopping here multiple times a week ever since i moved to Mississauga. I love the PC PLUS program because i can earn points towards free groceries
Based on the reviews from Trip Advisor, I decided to try this local establishment. We called and left a message for reservations as the restaurant was not open during the day.  My request for the outdoor seating was granted.  We arrived at the restaurant and it was not crowded, but for a Tuesday I think doing just fine.  The waitress was good and explained the meals to us.  The prices here are above average, but that is OK.  I didn't want to go to a chain restaurant.

The appetizer we started with was a Zucchini which was just OK.  Not bad, but OK.  Wouldn't get it again.  The main meals came out and we were surprised.  I had Veal and Lobster and the Lobster was great.  Sweat and tender.  The Veal chop was good, not great.  A bit tough, but flavorful.  My guests all had fish and they all said it was delicious.  When I polled everyone that was there, they all agreed that this needed a second trip and that it was worth the first trip.  I will go again, try a different dish and support the local owner.  You should too.
Have been a loyal customer for years and would always go to Lyndzee. I was in Toronto for the weekend and needed a hair cut and fresh look for a friend's wedding. Since Lyndzee wasn't available, I put my hair in the most capable of hands in Dylan, master stylist. I read a lot of reviews about her and I decided to go for it. She was great, professional and knew what I wanted my hair to look like without even asking. She knew I wanted to keep it long and just offered to clean it up very well. She also gave me the bangs I've always wanted. Five stars for Civello AGAIN and Dylan. Check out my hair: http:\/\/stylebypatty.com\/theres-no-place-like-home\/
Extremely poor service. It took over 20 minutes just to get drinks, the appetizer took forever to the point we almost had it cancelled. Almost an hour later all four entrees arrived. The reason I'm not rating it less than 3 stars is due to the fact that the food was really good. The grilled fish tacos and the BBQ chicken sandwich were delicious and the children's menu pizza was very good size for a children's menu item.
Cool and innovative space that serves up decently priced chicken or beef gyro. For just under $10 you can get a decently tasting lunch. There is a ton of rice with a moderate amount of meat and sauce. A little bit more meat would go a long way. Not bad.
This place is the worst. One of the reasons why I trust subway most of the time is because the make the sandwiches in front of you. I don't mind how long they last with each picky customer. And I understand you are in the rush to get everyone served but please wash your hands after a cash transaction if you are making me a sandwich. Uber grossed
Umm...so apparently on a Saturday night, no one goes here?

We had a bus drop us off here and were the only ones in the bar!  Overall, it was a fine bar.  The ceiling was pretty and there were some nice flat screens up on the wall...but we were so lonely!
I've stayed here a couple times in the past few years and like it because it's off the crazy traffic congested strip but still not out in the boonies.  I also like gambling here since it's a little more casual than some strip casinos and I just feel comfortable here.
The room was very clean and for the most part well kept.

Now the bad part...I should've said something the first night but didn't want to sound like a complainer but the air condition unit in the room sounded like a 747 taking off when it kicked on every 15 minutes or so and would jolt me awake.  I tried turning if off but couldn't figure out how to do that for several minutes but once it was off the room got too stuffy.  This must've been the case in the other rooms as well since I could actually hear the AC units from neighboring rooms when mine was off.

One other thing that I didn't like was when I was checking out, there's a $35 per night room fee in addition to your agreed quoted price.  So that deal of a room at $40 per night almost doubled.  Yikes.

Another tip...unless you like rock hard pillows...bring your own.  I guess it's a personal preference of mine that I like mushy pillows but these pillows were like putting your head on a boulder.  My neck was so messed up after 2 nights that I went to a store and bought a softer pillow.

Other than those things I really enjoy staying there and probably will again.  It really would be nice if my stay were comp'd as I do play pretty much only at Orleans while I'm staying there and dropping $1500 a night at their casino would normally get me at least some buffet at another casino.  Oh well...it's Vegas, chalk it up as expensive entertainment.
Amelie's French Bakery is, perhaps, the loveliest place in Charlotte to have a European coffee and pastry experience. I would say it is the best in Charlotte, but not the best it could be. It is worth visiting just for the atmosphere of the place even though the pastries could definitely be improved.
The only place that I will take my dry clean cloths in Pittsburgh!  The combination of price, customer service and attention to detail makes this by far the best dry cleaner in Pittsburgh!  Will gladly continue to drive past 3 other places and make the 15 min drive to support a local owned business!
They were short on staff when we visited. But staffs were friendly even though service took longer. Food was great. Cool looking samurai armor at the front. Don't know if its real or not. Anyway, will definitely come back when we get the cravings again.
So I do my best to stay away from fast food and especially McDonald's!! Not because it's tastes ad or anything. It's because I can actually hear myself getting fatter when I eat it!! . But today I decided to get an iced tea and a cheeseburger. To my surprise the young lady who took my order( Hannah)  was very friendly and ready to help!. This is abnormal for burger slingers!! Great Job!!
This store is such a treasure in the heart of Harrisburg! I would describe Lowes as a cross between a public and a Harris teeter. It's a very nice grocery store with a few cool things! The first thing is that they offer planted fresh herbs that u can cut pieces off of. Also when a bell rings the workers come out and do a chicken dance. Speaking of chicken-they have great fried chicken. Also they offer fun things for kids like coloring and crafts in the grocery area. They have some awesome items here and really great looking and tasting produce.
This place is amazing. If u have curly hair you have to come here. I am newish to the area and was terrified to try a new place. Everywhere I go I had an issue with how they cut and color my hair. I was beyond happy when I saw the end result. Scott was amazing to my hair and will not go anywhere else but here. This salon knows everything about your curly Q's. The staff was friendly. They had all of the Deva curl products at the salon. They also give u a mini tutorial on how to use the products while they r using them on ur hair.
I LOVE this place. My girlfriend and I will often stop in for lunch and get their 5 wings  w\/ 1 slice lunch special. Their food is awesome and the staff are very polite. Great drink prices. The owner is a gem. She will often walks around a check on tables\/serve\/bus, etc. Great place!!!
The website, building exterior and building interior do not do much to encourage you to eat here. However if you ignore all of those things and come inside you will find a great restaurant! The portions are large and the food is really good! I had the chicken hibachi and really enjoyed the meal. The flavours were perfect and the veg and chicken were served on a bed of several large lettuce leaves. It was served with a side of sticky white rice. My friend got one of the pho\/soups which are quite popular here. No matter what you get - from an egg roll app to jasmine hot tea you will not be disappointed in the food quality of this family owned restaurant. The menu is huge so you will surely be able to find something whether you want seafood, beef, chicken or none of the above. The place is very small so be prepared for a brief wait - on a Saturday night at around 1930 all the seats were full!
Just a quick update. Giordano's has responded promptly regarding my experience & has apologized for the cold pizza. Hopefully getting pizzas out to tables more promptly will rectify the problem as running it outside is not where the problem lies. When you already wait for quite awhile for your pizza to cook I kinda didn't want to wait anymore for it to be re-heated.

Also plans are in the works to get the water filtered for the downstairs dining area. So for future diners, things looks very promising for you to have a good dining experience. Management takes negative feedback seriously. I commend them for that.

My next update review will have to be when I return to Vegas. Maybe another three years?
Love the selection of their menu. Especially short ribs is the best, very juicy and tender. My son can finish the whole plate by himself  They also have many option of the appetizer, price is good, service is good too.
Overall compare to other Korean AYCE place, we enjoy this one very much.
Over Priced.....

Food was7\/10- loved the choice in Ramen. I got the Extreme Spicy, the waitress indicted most people got 1, I never hesitate to get Suicide wings and cautiously went w a 3, I should have gone 5 but would have worked hard (and enjoyed).

Won't return due to price.
Pros:
- The room was excellent! Everything was very clean. The decor was modern. All the furniture was in great condition. It was definitely above-average, particularly for a budget hotel chain.
- The wifi was good (as far as hotel wifi goes). The signal was strong, and I clocked it at 1 Mbps, which was good enough to run Netflix onto the flat-screen TV without problems.
- The service was great. The room was made and the supplies replenished without any fuss.
- The hotel's close proximity to the freeway made it an ideal place to stay, as downtown Cleveland was just about 10-15 minutes away.
- I would say that the value for the hotel was terrific. Other hotels in the area were at least $30 more. Even though breakfast is not provided, you could easily use the savings from staying at the Red Roof and go somewhere to grab a bite to eat.

Cons:
- I was able to hear pretty much any conversation that took place outside in the exterior corridor by my room. It didn't help that my neighbours were noisy to begin with. It wasn't that big of a deal, and definitely not something that Red Roof can control.

Overall: For a budget stay (no breakfast or pool), it was definitely first-class! Would definitely recommend it.
This place is a great, unique addition to old town. Wonderful wine and craft beer selection and a variety of great small plates. The place is really small but that adds to the charm. The service was fantastic as well. Definitely a new favorite in the area.
There's no other place I'd be on a night out besides crave. 
Crave is what it says it is: they're drinks will make you CRAVE, their Desserts, their customer service and last but not least their HOOKAH. 
BEST. HOOKAH. IN. CHARLOTTE. HANDS. DOWN.
You get what you pay for. It's an average hotel. Friendly staff. When we entered our room there was a men's Gillette shaving cream can in the shower and three Chinese takeout containers in the refrigerator. 
When brought to staff's attention, all they did was apologize. We went to walmart that's in the mall across the street to buy our own bed sheets. They need to focus on their housekeeping.
It's about 30 minute drive to downtown Toronto but there is traffic at all hours. It took about on average one hour to get to Rogers Centre.
My husband and I put in an application for an apartment. They told us they had an apartment ready for us and we just needed approval from their supervisor. They told me this several times, saying they would have an answer the next day. The next day I would call, and they hadn't turned in the papers to their supervisor. Also would call several times a day to see how things were going, and no one would answer the phone. We then would go out there, only to find them sitting in the office. Feel as if they were avoiding our phone calls.  We also had paid a $40 application fee each, and a $100 fee to hold the apartment they said they had for us. Finally had enough. Went out to get our $100 back only to be told that they couldn't return it because we backed out of the application process. We can understand not getting our application fees back , but after getting the run around we should have gotten our $100 back.  Very disappointed.  Never will return back there.
Amazing food and service from start to finish. The Menu du Jour isn't written anywhere so don't hesitate to ask them again. Highly recommend the pintade and the chocolate tamarin cake. Their selection of local cheese is also a must try.
If I can give a zero I would. They tell us to make reservations for mothers day brunch and when I got there they told me it was a 40 minute wait. Then why make reservations? We waited, the wife got hungry and had to leave. Thank you for ruining our mothers day! I will NEVER go back ever!!! Being that it's a negative comment I bet no one will respond to make things better. Sad because I really loved your establishment.
First time here since they opened at the MGM. Food was very fresh and tasty. I didn't want to have a too heavy meal at late night, I picked light nachos and chicken tortilla soup. It was excellent. Nachos was hot crispy but topping was cold and fresh. I don't know how they did it but I couldn't stop eating nachos and fresh made salsa\/ sauce.. service was wonderful, food is little bit price but as we know, it a location.. comes with a  price tag!!
Absolutely, I'd like to come back again!
Wonderful company!! The customer service is great and the prices are reasonable. Would definitely recommend to everyone.
Brand new location with lots of space. Many power outlets with USB plugs, and the wifi is a decent speed.

The food is the usual Wendy's fare, with burgers and salads being the main attraction. Service was fast, the staff was friendly, and the place is spotlessly clean.

Downrated again because wifi is blocked during lunch again.
I have been to so many furniture stores and just happened to drive by. I decided to check it out. I had barely walked in the door when I was greeted and told about the great deal they had going on. They then walked away and left me to look around. They never pushed me to buy anything. I found the perfect couch that I had been looking for, for a long time. Ask for JD, he was awesome! They have great deals and beautiful furniture!
Khina has done my eyebrows for the past four years. She is THE only one in Vegas I will let thread my eyebrows. She used to work at the galleria mall. I would drive ten miles, passing several threading shops just so Khina could do my eyebrows. Her spirit is VERY positive, she's a great person and her customer service is superb!!!!

She is very meticulous and attentive. 

My eyebrows are naturally thick...and, she doesn't make them too thin or arch them too high. They're PERFECT every time. 

Men, don't trip...she can clean up your eyebrows as well ;-)

Seriously, she's the best in Vegas!!
Ordered a few items. Everything was extremely greasy or sickly sweet. We felt so sick after a few minutes that we tossed out the left overs which we never do with Chinese.
Well when we walked in it was empty and was barely greeted by any employees. Finally we just sat at a table and the server came up and took our drink orders and apps. The food I would say is good but not amazing but it seems to be more of a relax and chill place more like a bar then a restuarant.  A definite plus is the green grass outside for dogs I love that you can bring your dog and they have water and treats , more phoenix restaurants need to allow that. But anyways food 3 1\/2 stars , and environment 4 but only really cuz of the dogs allowed
In regards to barber skills , I would estimate above average . I had no problems with my hair cut .
However , he was covertly, failing miserably , taking videos and pictures of me .  I did not appreciate that at all and I did not give consent . It's poor professionalism  at best and  very rude .
Sushi was great first time here! They did a great job making Leslie a "special roll" she had a great time! Staff was friendly.
You gotta love a good auto parts store that has the parts you need, on hand, for a cheap discounted price. I just picked up a fuel pump for my truck for $160, comparable to any of the big brand name stores for $220. Been coming here for the past few years as I've needed to, and they always have the parts I need on hand. excellent little shop.
I ordered the rigatoni to go. When I got home and opened the container, I cannot explain you how much excess oil was dripping through the pasta. There was an inch of oil at the bottom of the container, it was revolting. 

I can assure you I will not be going back. On top of all that, they charge extra for Parmesan cheese, which is ridiculous. With all the Italian options in the city, I don't know why anyone goes back to this place.
Dan dan and Shang-lo noodles were great. I always enjoy a Tsing Tao with noodles. No line, the table near us had a dog and no problem for having a pooch!
I can't believe I've been hanging out at the Annex all year, and this is the first time I came across this place! A friend of mine recommended we meet here for our study session. It was love at first entrance for me - huge, long tables where we could study. EXCELLENT selection of bagels, coffees and pastries. Friendly, warm service. 

I have found my new study spot!
The view alone was worth the visit. Happened to be during a rain storm so there was crazy lightning across the skyline and you could see everything through the windows. Plus the lights of the strip. I had the chicken fajitas and they were yummy. I'd go again
The first time I went to Rito's, my coworker and I happily drove off, chatting about how we couldn't wait to get back to the office to finally see what all the fuss is about.  Well we truly could NOT wait. We had to pull in at the parking lot of a church, not one block away from there because the aroma was just too much! Honest!

Rito's wouldn't be as fun without the Soup-Nazi attitude of the people running the joint.  I think it's hilarious. It's a Phoenix landmark and a MUST for out-of-towners.

And they CAN be that way to us. They can require cash only. Make you keep your mouth shut unless ordering EXACTLY what is on the VERY LIMITED menu and nothing more.  As far as ordering goes, I ought to add that the word "ordering" is misleading. We don't "order" our lunch at Rito's. We request.

These people are serious and so am I. I want my bean\/cheese\/enchilada style and I will do whatever it takes to get it. Don't come with me and get an attitude with them or I'll rip your head off. I will NOT be 86ed from Ritos on account of you! But you can cry on my shoulder as I wolf down my burrito. I understand.

Only thing I want to correct, which I think is unfair in some other reviews: the neighborhood isn't as bad as people like to say. Yeah there is gang activity, but come on. When was the last time some innocent person just getting their lunch was assaulted or shot in the Garfield neighborhood?  Can't remember? That's because the trouble makers usually make trouble for themselves and each other and don't usually bother the rest of us. 

Bottom line, if you can't handle central phoenix, stick with your local tacobell\/pizzahut\/kentuckyfriedchicken drive thru in anthem.
The shop offered very unique Men's Clothing and accessories. I recently purchased two bow-ties from the shop and each time I've worn them I've received great compliments. The parking was easy. The shop itself was uniquely decorated. 

The owner was fantastic in helping me find what I was looking for.
This place just became my go-to-place in Korean town. It is causal, and the food is typical and authentic Korean family food. I like it here because of good price, good food and good portion. It looks like a takeout place, but it is actually sit-down dinning place. The day I went there is only a few people. The waiter is pretty nice. The kitchen is an open kitchen in the middle of the restaurant.
We love Pediatrix. We have ben taking my son to Dr. Mitra since he was 1 (he's 4 now) and our daughter since she was born (15 months). Dr. Mitra is great with the kids and very knowledgeable. He gave us great ideas when our son wouldn't sleep through the night. They also have another office open on weekends when our kids needed to see a doctor on a Saturday. We have seen 4 doctors and have been impressed with all of them. Would highly recommend.
THIS PLACE DOESNT STAND BEHIND THEIR WORK! I came to Élan dental just over a year ago because the office manager, Lisa, was a customer of mine. She ran a very professional office and took very good care of me. However, the dentist (at the time) did two crowns and some fillings for a pretty high price of over $1000. Fine. Almost one year after all this work, one of my crowns came off while I was having dinner. Not knowing what to do, I pushed it back on the tooth and called the next day. They were reluctant to get me in, but finally did so that day. Surprisingly, they couldn't get the crown back off. Then they proceeded to try to pressure me into getting some other expensive dental work done without even fixing what I came in for. I was charged almost $100 for this visit where they accomplished nothing. It stayed on for another month before coming off again. So I called and made another appointment to have it cemented in again. This time they were able to do what was needed. Again I was pressured to get more expensive dental work. When I was checking out I tried to address the billing problem and was told that it was like a doctor's office, that there will always be a charge for the visit. SORRY! BUT YOU NEED TO STAND BEHIND YOUR THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS OF WORK! I was then asked if I wanted to make another appointment! When I said I wouldn't be coming back they just said OK. BTW, Lisa is no longer running this office as she would have seen to it that I was taken care of and not charged.
A little piece of Italy in Cornelius. I love this Italian market. My favorite sandwich is the Milano panini: chicken, mozzarella cheese, roasted red peppers and basil. I usually get mixed grilled veggies and they are delish. They were very helpful helping me select different cheeses to pair w\/ their different meats for a dinner party.
I'm writing this review as our party of four currently  sit and wait for our food, for the last 40 minutes. We had to ask for our salads after waiting 40 minutes and only two of the three were brought out and our food is no where in site. Our appetizer was brought out in about 8 minutes with no plates or silverware. Very disappointed, some of the worst service I have ever experienced.
Point Hotel is a very modern, swish hotel located within viewing distance of the castle. 

My friend was visiting Edinburgh and stayed here, and found it was a good stay. However she tripped and fell in the hotel and bumped her head, needing stitches. The hotel took great care of her and upgraded her room and added a few extras including money off a future stay. So as well as being a nice hotel, their customer service is excellent.
My boyfriend and I tried out Graft last weekend. Overall we liked it a lot! 

I made a reservation for 8pm, but we didn't get seated until after 8:15pm. Not a huge problem. We were seated in a booth in the middle of a large party\/event. It was pretty noisy. However, I don't think this is the norm, but it was pretty annoying and didn't make for a romantic date night. They gave us free dessert, so I left happy. 

I highly recommend the 'Profligate Potation' cocktail. It was sooooo good! Made with balsamic reduction - yum! We ordered 3 dishes to start, then another, and then dessert. Mac and cheese was good (but can you mess up mac and cheese too much?) and the chicken thigh pot pie had excellent flavor. I thought the scallops were cooked well, but the flavor wasn't anything special - just good scallops on a plate. We loved loved loved LOVED the short rib. We will go back just for that (and a Profligate Potation). SO GOOD! The pumpkin cake special for dessert was good. The chocolate creme was good, but very rich.

What I love most about this restaurant is the concept of small plates. Our servers said it was fine to order a few things, see if we were still hungry, and keep ordering more until we were done. We shared, so I tasted a lot of food. Also, while Graft is a fancy restaurant, by ordering small plates as you go you don't over order food - and this is reflected in the bill. I think we paid about 100 with tip for 2 rounds of cocktails and essentially a 4-course meal. 

My advice to the restaurant: amaze me with your scallops and make sure I get a table for the time that my reservation is. 

We will be back! :)
Before placing my order I asked if they had soy milk. They do so I ordered a vanilla soy latte. What was made for me was a vanilla latte with regular milk. I'm lactose intolerant, not high maintenance by choice. I didn't want to get sick so I brought back my latte to remake with soy. The cashier said he didn't hear me order soy. How did you not hear me order when first thing I did was asked if you had soy milk and stated I'm lactose intolerant? I also then ordered my drink with soy one more time. 

They remade my latte but left out vanilla the second time. Sigh, I give up. I wanted a vanilla latte with soy. What I got the second time was a soy latte. A small latte was $6. That's quite expensive. Oh well...I was just in to kill time before flight
Toque was the only place that we made a reservation well in advance. It was good, there were some enjoyable dishes, but it didn't quite reach the "otherwordly" place that some tasting menus can hit.

I took pictures of most of the dishes in their entirety (sometimes I forgot before digging in). They have been posted. I don't exactly remember what they all were, but I'll do my best!

Drinks - They have two drinks of the day, every day. Mine involved blueberry and wintergreen as major components. On one hand, this was totally innovative and interesting. On the other, the only place I really experience wintergreen is in toothpaste, so it's hard to shake that.

Amuse - A very light, gelato-ey dish. Melty. Cold. Not remarkable, but it definitely got the ball rolling.

Bread - The bread was not a course, but I would feel badly if I did not mention that this was the best ciabatta I've ever eaten. And the little ciabatta crackers? So amazing!

Scallop - The best course of the night might have been scallop on the half shell. It was fresh, served with a little onion and oil, as well as some Asian-influenced spices. And the entire shell was sitting on a mound of salt, some of which got into your mouth when eating the scallop, which was amazing. Great presentation, great results.

Tuna - One of the most interesting dishes of the night, the tuna was kind of like a gelée stuck to the bottom of a plate. But the flavor was so rich and so good, that I quickly got over it.

Foie - The foie was very good, served with croutons, vegetables and sauce. I was so excited for it that I didn't take a picture. Use your imagination.

Mussels - Since the foie was a supplement, in its stead is usually the mussels. They were served in a similar manner to the foie. Also good.

Lamb - I think it was lamb. It basically looked and tasted like thick-cut lunch meat. Vegetables and sauce did not really help. The non-meat version of this was seared scallops, which were much better.

Duck - The main course was the duck, and like the lamb (or whatever the lunch meat was) didn't do it for me. Extremely traditional presentation, and lacking in flavor. I guess the line of fat on the duck is traditional as well, but it just seemed out of place.

Cheese - Really interesting presentation. Crumbled cheese on the wide rim of the bowl, soft cheese inside, quince, Asian radishes... Interesting stuff. Not the best, but pretty good.

Dessert - Another one whose design was a bit strange. It was kind of like a bunch of elements thrown on a plate, in a line. Berries and gelatto, and crumbles. Pretty good, but I don't think I'd ever order it on my own.

Petit Four - Or two. Macaron mini sandwiches. Light, sweet, and a good way to end the meal.

Now that I look back, the meal started really well, but ended with a whimper. A local later told me that he thought the place was slipping, and I couldn't disagree. But it wouldn't take much to get it back to a top level again.
The washer wasn't working in my rental, called and got someone in the next day. My technician gave me a call while in route and got here within his estimated time. He introduced himself, came in and diagnosed the problem within minutes. Not only was my problem diagnosed but he had parts on their way right after I gave the go to fix it. No need for a come back and days of waiting like other places I've experienced. If I run into any other future issues I will definitely use this company and request my technician Carl, as I would recommend others to do as well! Thank you Carl!!
It was just ok. The duck empanada was definitely the best out of the 4 we tried. The dough is thick and not very flaky. The staff was nice but must have been new as she served us our dessert empanada cold. We tried the oreo Nutella one and ate only half because the filling was rock hard. The drinks were tasty though.
Please save yourselves! I so wanted to like this restaurant. We were there for dinner on a Monday night. Arriving at about 9:15, we only had a 20 minute wait. The decor was really neat, from the lighting to the eating utensils. Even the servers and hostesses uniforms were nicely done. We should've known after waiting 15 minutes before anyone greeted our table that our night was doomed. Of course we were getting anxious and ready to leave but we wanted to try this restaurant so badly and we didn't want to look around for another restaurant and have to possibly wait again. So finally our server arrived. I had seen this server the whole time taking care of the table next to us, so clearly he had seen us as well as another one of his tables that was seated one minute after us. Unfortunately we were not given drink menus when we were seated. The server had it with him on an ipad when he greeted us. This could've taken another five minutes to put our drink order in because he tried to leave it with us and walk away. Fortunately my husband and I immediately spotted a couple of beers on the first paged and ordered before he walked away. When our server returned with our beers five minutes later, he dropped them off and said he'd be right back after he dropped off a menu at another table. Another few minutes later he dropped off some bread and again said he'd be right back to take our order after he dropped off another table's bill. Either this guy had far too many tables to wait on or he was the world's biggest idiot. He was very nice, and tried very hard to crack jokes and make us forget about the past 25 minutes of horrible service. I actually felt really bad for the guy. My husband ordered the lamb burger which was only available on the bar menu but our server made it sound as if he would do us the huge favor and get it for him anyway. Turns out we saw lot's of burgers being delivered to tables. So I wonder why they don't just put the $20 burger on the full dining menu. Anyway, my husband didn't care much for the burger but we both agreed that the fries were outstanding. I ordered the chopped chicken salad and honest to God have never had a worse salad. I think there must have been some sort of mix up or error in the kitchen with my salad because it was so bad. The dressing must've been mayonnaise or something worse. My biggest regret is that I didn't say anything about it to the server. Normally I have no problem with speaking up about bad food but I was mentally exhausted and so completely over this dinner that it was too much effort to say anything. My next regret is that I actually ate it. What is my problem? I ate this disgusting salad and what does that say about me? Gross! I guess I was hungry. Our server obviously felt bad about the service because after we finished eating, he dropped off our check and told us he was deducting $10 from it. We smiled and thanked him. Nope, no deduction, just our full price bill. Again, too irritated and over the whole experience that we just paid and left. On a more positive note, they had a great selection of beer. Overpriced of course, but so is everything in Vegas so we can't fault them for that.
Stopped in for lunch. We both had the machaca chimichangas "dj chimi" style. Food was somewhat bland although I can see why a lot of people like it. The portion sizes were good, service was friendly and attentive the food just average though..
If I could give 0 stars i would!  Probably the WORST Club ive ever been to! The Amount of People they let in is Ridiculous to the point you cant even move. 

The Sorry excuse for Bartenders here will ignore you until you somehow manage to pull them your way, they are rude and unfriendly.  A trained monkey can pour a better Jack and Coke. Ordered a Gin and Monster and I got a Red Bull.. ONLY the bull and payed 20 bucks for it. I guess they serve Golden Red Bulls thats what that must have been. It had to be. Wrong! After complaining to the Bar Manager who was even more rude and unhelpful (I see where the "Bartenders" get their manners from) I finally got what i thought was my drink but it turned out to be just water. So they charged me $20 for a redbull and a glass of water. 

After further complaining they just decided to kick my friends and myself out because they didt wanna fix the problem they caused.  

Long story short this place is NOTHING more than a piece of Garbage,  people who rave about it must like to be treated like crap.

If youre looking to have a good fun time this is not the place! Dont come here unless you wanna be treated rudely.
Awesome! Gabby rocks!
Staff friendly and the food is down he cooking at its yummiest! 
Can't wait to try more!!!
We were very happy with the service, professionalism and price for the verticell blind and plantation shutters that we ordered and had installed in the home that we just purchased in the North Phoenix area. We wouldn't hesitate to use Brad and his team again!
I buy my bread here and it has really good prices for loaves.. I love that this cafe has a drive thru, so if I am in a hurry but still want something that is fresh and has good quality ingredients this is the place that I go too... one time I got a cheesecake and the berries on it were squished a little which is not a big deal at all, but the lady who made my order said that the owner put a free cheesecake in there, just because the other one didn't look as nice, they both tasted great and what great customer service!
We only came here for breakfast because when we checked in to the New York, New York Hotel, the concierge told us it was buy one get one free breakfast about three times. We misunderstood that to mean it's one free breakfast per one paid breakfast. Wrong. It's one free breakfast per room with the purchase of another breakfast. We were seated quickly, since it wasn't too busy, but it was a very, very long time before we got our server's attention. Three more tables were seated near us, and about four servers walked by before we were told she'd be with us soon, and then we had an even longer wait, and we almost left. But, we finally flagged her down and ordered drinks and food.

Our water came out, but they had "ran out of straws" when I asked the guy that brought them over. Our server did do a search and found us some. Much appreciated. But, it didn't make the food better:

-Bread for the table: came with breakfast, but it was burnt. I don't mind burnt toast, but it was cold and thick and was like chewing buttered rocks
-Crepes: a little thick for crepes, but good
-Hash and poached eggs: tolerable-real hash
-Cheese Polenta side: Texture was spongy and extremely off-putting
-Scrambled eggs: Can't mess up eggs, so these were fine
-Side of bacon: incredibly burnt. 
-Vanilla cappuccino: good\/not too sweeet
-Eggs Benedict: pretty good! Good flavor, cooked properly
-Potatoes side: Horrible. Unseasoned and overlooked to the point I thought a poker chip may have fallen in to my breakfast

They are trying to be an upscale restaurant, but have completely missed the mark.  They get two stars for being clean and for serving us some edible food. We did not go back for our "one free breakfast per room with the purchase of another breakfast" the next day.
Went here a few weeks ago on recommendation of a friend. It was really really good. My husband and I each orderd 2lb of crawfish which came with a small ear of corn and a red potato. I had the mild and it was just the right amount of spice for me, and i'm not really a fan of spicy food.  I did find that I was still hungry so I ordered some etouffe and oh man let me tell you that stuff is the business. It's kinda similar to a gumbo as it's a seafood soup served over rice. So if you're into crawfish or other seafood for that matter cooked in a spicy boil this place is for you!
I am from Long Island and I know good pizza (Colosseo Pizza - Port Jefferson, none better). Let me say for Arizona this is it!! The regular pizza is delicious and the Sicilian is great as well, looks heavy but its light and crusty, mmmmmmm. The garlic knots are decent but sometimes too garlic-ey and they ruin them by MICROWAVING them. I have learned to ask for my knots in the oven, much better. I tried the White Sicilian the other night and that too was fabulous. The Chicken Parm. hero is delicious as is the Meatball. The only thing that I was not happy with was the salad, got it only once and kinda blah on the homemade dressing. I also wish they would make some cold pizza (such as Salad or Caprese slices). The 2 owners are very friendly as is most of the staff. It is a lengthy drive for me from Queen Creek but I make it about once a week to feel like I am back in the "Old Country" (Coram, NY) lol!   I am not a fan of toppings on my pizza so I am not sure how those are except for the sausage and spinach I got on the White Sicilian, that was terrific and they use Grande Cheese, just like in NY! If you love NY pizza... GO HERE!!!  -Al
It's souls food people. And it's close by on an end where there are few options. Good home cooked meals in a Christian environment with subtle gospel playing in the background. The people were really nice and courteous. Greens are seasoned without pork. Several of the desserts were homemade as well but I passed.  Banana pudding available on Thursday through the weekend. They currently close at 7 pm during the week and Saturdays at 5 pm?? So hopefully you'll crave your soul food early.
Ok, there are 260+ reviews with average of about 4.5 star rating, so I don't think there is anything I can add that hasn't been said before.  One word - DELICIOUS.

We love Raku so much that we went back the 2nd night for dinner during our short Vegas stay.  I have not been wow'd so much during a single meal.  I love the egg custard, the bacon wrapped tomato (and I don't like tomato usually), the beef tartar... I can go on and on and on and on...

One thing I want to note is that the service was excellent.  The servers really took their time to explain the dish and suggest ways to add flavor\/sauce to them.  All around, great food, great experience, great service, and love the atmosphere!
What a super cute shop in the Plateau! Located right down Gilford from Metro Laurier, it's in a great location, and combines two delightful warm cozy things - tea and yarn.

The space is small but not crowded, and holds a few tables, a comfy couch, lots of yarn, and a picturesque tea bar in the back. There's even an itty-bitty kid's corner with some games, tucked in a little nook on the side. Everything is bright and clean, like your fastidious grandma's kitchen and parlor, and it's very inviting.

I'm admittedly a yarn snob, and this shop seemed to be catering to me specifically. A great selection of Québecois\/Canadian specialty yarns, paired with some classic imports. All pretty highbrow. Biscotte & Cie, Handmaiden, Fleece Artist, IndigoDragonfly, Hedgehog Fibers, Alchemy, and some others. I was impressed that they had a full range of Jameson 2-ply jumperweight, which is a very useful yarn but not always so easy to come by. 

Everything was beautiful - lots of luscious sock yarns in bright handpaints. The downside was really that with so many nice things, all very similar...it's like an expensive cupcake boutique. Fancy cupcakes are awesome, and great to throw some cash at once in a while. But they don't sustain you, and if you indulge in all of them, you start going into sugar-shock. I felt my wallet threatening sugar-shock in this shop. And I wonder how their classes work, because although I'm all for having beginner knitters learn on nice yarn, I also know that not so many people like plunking down megabucks on their first project, with silk and mohair and cashmere. 

That said, I definitely took home a lovely skein of Handmaiden Casbah sock yarn (my sweet-tooth fix for the moment), and will probably come back the next time I want something extra special and local to send to a friend. And the tea is tempting - it might be just the right way to enjoy this shop, with a cuppa and a long cozy sit in the shop windows with a knitting project.

(By the way, this shop seems to be mostly francophone, but I'm still new to the language politics around here so don't take this as gospel. I just know that my friend and I were speaking English to each other the whole time we were there, and the salespeople used exclusively French to us. For what it's worth.)
Came here on the spur of the moment and saw this modern, bright taco place and decided to try because it was nicely decorated and advertised as first taco place with charcoal tacos.

I got a small picadillo (ground beef,  pico de gallo,  grilled onions,  lettuce, mild sauce and without the raw onions) just to try. 

I took it to go and it came in a little paper box take out container with a nice wax paper at the bottom. I was a little disappointed that the tortilla was neither hot nor room temperature and that it was neither crispy nor soft. It was somewhat chewy and painfried on one spot instead. The filling is okay, nothing flavourful and in my opinion,  I think Taco Bell tastes better. 

The cashier also didn't ask me whether I wanted flour or corn tortilla when the menu gives the option,  and luckily they ended up giving me flour because that's what I would've told them. 

A little pricey for $4.15 for this small taco. I think I'd try someplace else for tacos or any snack.
Came here on a weekday morning. No wait at all, seated right away. Efficient waitress\/ Buffet has a wide assortment of items, and tastes really fresh. Coffee is pretty good too, surprisingly. However, maybe it's because I came for the morning buffet, but the Wynn does it better...
My husband and I ordered the winter roasted vegetable salad, vegetable salad and the Mozzarella fontina pizza.  My daughter ordered the child's Mac and cheese.  Food was delivered quickly and the manager Cameron was very attentive and made sure we enjoyed our dining experience, he was also very personable.  

I thoroughly enjoyed  vegetable salad and the Fontina pizza.  My daughter also really seemed to enjoy her macaroni and cheese and I liked it as I could tell it was homemade and had none of the artificial colorings that many of the kids macaroni and cheese have.  Great dining experience, we will definitely be coming back.  It's a child friendly restaurant but adult enough where I would come here with girlfriends for a glass of wine and a salad.
They do a pretty good job "manufacturing" fun for those who typically don't have the ambition or wherewithal to generate some on their own.  Good restaurants and a safe bet to hold your next office party.  Also, the parking\/valet situation is a mess.
We enjoyed an inexpensive bottle of wine as we dined on a Philly cheesesteak, a delightful salad and crisp, hot potato chips. We took home a 1\/2 rack of ribs for my son, complete with plenty of fries and onion rings. Oh yeah, we finished the bottle of wine tonight.

We were treated wonderfully by the waitress and the manager came by to greet us and ensure the service was superb. We will surely return.
Best service ask for Richard love the pizza
Always great. Old world charm and outstanding food .
Used to be good and now it sucks. I have an ongoing ankle injury that confused the owner. He thought I was stumbling, when in fact, I was limping. I guess I'll have to use a wheelchair to get in next time. 15 years of great times down to zero.
The gym thought things would be better when they re-branded from Freedom Fitness but it's not better. Most of the staff is uninformed. I have been a member of the Performance Center at the gym for years, we pay an extra fee for training classes. Since the change, the general manager has never come in and asked for feedback about the new structure or trainers. He doesn't care. Of the classes I am able to regularly attend, Tom and Rusty are the trainers I prefer and trust. It's not really clear who runs the Performance Center and the front desk staff is unaware. They also just let anyone use the Performance Center which has resulted in missing equipment and people just walking into the middle of class...that we pay extra for. Say what you want about Rich that ran Freedom before the change, but at least he gave a shit.
It's in the cosmopolitan. Extremely nice decor. Great service. Clean utensils. The actual restaurant is small to medium so there Almost always a line. We went today a Tuesday and it was a good 35 min wait. But it's 100% worth it. Food is well prepared and presented well. They do portion control so certain things they serve like  chicken wings in a little metal basket. You can grab how ever many you want but some items are like that but it's not a bad thing. They cook the food constantly so you don't get food that been sitting there. Food is seasoned well. They don't do like other places that use shrimp and make like 10 different things using the same ingredient. There salad bar had all kinds of healthy options I was really impressed with the presentation. The options are sorta limited they don't have a lot of main dishes overall but  they make up for it in a variety of ways like a guy was squeezing passion fruit drinks a guy making omelette , crepes all that . Prices is kinda expensive 28 a person today and dinner goes up 10 bucks I believe on the weekend it's between 42-47.
While the food was good, the poor and slow service diminished what would have otherwise been a nice dining experience.
This is one of my new favorite spots in LV.
We went here with a rather large bachelorette party.  I wasn't involved in the planning aspect of the party, but I was involved in the eating!

It took us a little longer than expected to get seated, but with such a large party I could easily overlook it.  The food itself was FABULOUS!  Bacon covered figs?  YUM!  I think I could have had the whole platter if we didn't have more plates coming out.  The beef and mushroom skewers were flavorful and tender.  The 2 shrimp dishes were cooked perfectly.  I preferred the one in the sweet chili sauce.

For dessert, I LOVED the chocolate tres leches.  I'm normally not a big fan, but this was a little piece of heaven.  What a treat!

I'd love to come back and sample their regular menu.  The prices were so reasonable compared to what you get on the strip, and service is definitely delivered with a smile.
Best Chinese on the east side of Cleveland.  Hands down.  We love the Beef Chow Ho Fun, Hunan Beef, Twice Baked Pork - so tender....Walnut Prawns, Sesame Chicken are all so good.  Great dumplings too.   I've tried the pad Thai a few times and didn't love.  Noodles seemed dry so now we stick to the Chinese.
This is a family business and Amir the owner is a busy man indeed serving the local UofT student community.

The interest for me was to have their Student Sandwich when I was downtown.

The Student sandwich is a crazy  thing and it is a Portuguese Bun with mayo, mustard and BBQ sauce and even hot sauce...whatever you want with a Jamaican Patty inside topped with lettuce, pickels and tomato

Tell Amir whatever you want and he will make it for you as you toss 3 Loonies across the counter.....yes $3

I had him grill mine and it was a bit of a gut buster and satsifying

So there ya go a crazy sandwich

I made a few at home and added coleslaw which gave it a nice crunch.....
Got a super crappy haircut there today (Moon Township). Came home and daughters response "What happened to your hair". It is really bad. I tipped her out of pity.
What a neat little gem! If you would like to take a break from the traditional, greasy Sonoran style Mexican food, give Escobar a try. 

Small, unassuming place in a strip mall. Inside casual, yet refined. 

We started out with the potato taquito things as an appetizer. Because I'm obsessed with potato tacos and have a hard time finding them in AZ although they are everywhere in California. They were delicious, especially with the trio of hot sauces they bring to your table.

My husband has a combo plate that had steak, a cheese enchilada, beans, rice. He thought it was very tasty. I tasted the cheese enchilada and was blown away about how delicious the sauce was.

I had the chili relleno. It was very good but I'm very picky with my chili rellenos. So it wasn't my favorite. But after tasting my husband's enchilada, I am definitely getting those next time!

Service was great. Warm, laid- back, and friendly. We will defintely be back!
Restaurant coréen qui connaît une vague de popularité. Pas étonnant avec son menu (qui inclut des mets végétarien) alléchant. On y vas pour une bouchée mais on se retrouve à commander deux ou trois plats de plus car tout à l'air trop bon! Places limitées donc il faut s'attendre à faire la queue durant l'heure de pointe. Le service est rapide et courtois donc ce n'est pas un problème.
Best service, most painless experience ever. Removed a nail in my tire for free in less than 40 minutes before work. Very grateful. Superb service.
Great food. Bad service. Took a while for them to give us menus and food took longer than usual so be prepared to wait. Food is delicious. Can get really crowded\/noisy at times.
I go to Palm restaurants every few months and had racked up some points...figured we would cash them in for a free meal in Vegas.  Our steaks were good, but lacked seasoning...something I have noticed on recent Palm visits.  Our server was also having trouble with us using our certificate and ended up having to charge me for a coke just so I could leave a gratuity...annoying.
WHAT A JOKE this restaurant is.  No entree that a group of 4 ordered turned out to be authentic or even taste good.   I know Afghan food very well, cause i've grown up with it.

I was totally embarrased, and even tried to speak to the owner to give my piece of mind.  This person is a disgrace to the culture, and to himself for shortchanging you as a customer of your right to have authentic Afghan food which is very delicious.  The Afghan culture prides itself on great food, and is well known throughout the world.  

This establishment is horrible, and I even thought about picketting or opening up another restaurant to compete just to prove it's shittiness.
We go here just about every Vegas trip.  The burgers are really good although I can think of a few better ones.  The ability to add almost any toppings is cool.  Sweet potatoe fries - yum. Always a busy place, good selection of beer on tap, great service.
I really love this Drybar. I always feel pampered by everyone as soon as I walk through the door. I'm a Black woman with natural hair and this is my goal to spot for a blowout. I highly recommend Chelsie as your favorite stylist,  she's mine. She is genuinely a kind person who is exceptional at what she does. I never leave disappointed after she is finished with my hair.
Basically for people who need a prescription, otherwise wait for your regular healthcare provider who won't check Google for your symptoms after you wait 2 hours to be seen for a couple minutes and diagnosed as soon as their Internet connection will allow so they can move on to their next paying customer.
I wish it was acceptable to just hang here with the staff. Every single person in a green polo is unbelievably friendly, helpful and courteous. I've never been so consistently impressed with a store in my life.

Go Pet People!
We have taken both of our dogs to see Dr. Yocham for years and I would never think of going to another vet. He is honest and always correct each time we come to him with a sick puppy. He is an awesome Dr and recommend him to all my family and friends.
Woodbridge is, of course, known as an Italian bedroom community and it's not unexpected to find some great Italian restaurants. However, a good Mexican-run Mexican restaurant? Sì!

This reasonably sized establishment is just off of Steeles, midway between Islington and Highway 27. As is often the case with excellent Chinese restaurants, this entirely decent Mex chow joint resides in an easily ignored strip mall. I probably would have never known about the place if a coworker hadn't stopped in out of curiosity and recommended it to me the next day.

My companion and I both had the tacos. You get 4 soft tacos done up Mexican style: a nice small flour tortilla wrapping meat and onions. The pork tacos were to die for. The nicely seasoned pork was tender and just melted in my mouth. My friend ordered the beef tacos and in an effort to maintain her girlish figure she dumped half her meal on my plate. So I got to sample the beef tacos. Compared to the pork, the beef was lacking flavor. Go for the pork. Oh man. That's good eatin'.

Each entree comes with your choice of rice, salad, and re-fried beans. Pick two. The rice was decent enough. I found the re-friend beans a bit watery. I don't know if that was the local style. I prefer a bit thicker and zestier re-fried beans.

The waiter quickly "chips" your table with complimentary fresh nachos and a delicious mild green salsa. The basket was refilled without charge. I always appreciate a Mexican restaurant that doesn't nickle and dime you that way.

Prices were quite reasonable. $12 per entree. I didn't notice an a la carte take out menu but it would be nice to stop in, grab 4 or 12 of the tacos, and go.

Bottom line: Great, great pork tacos. Go for the salad over the re-fried beans.
I've been here twice now, both time for birthday celebrations and both time witnessed other birthday celebrations going on, so this seems to be a popular choice for birthdays. The restaurant itself has multiple rooms so can fit groups just fine. It is a bit slow both times though so don't be surprised if it takes awhile for your order to be taken, food to come, etc. 

The first time I came here, I ordered the steak and enjoyed it. It's not a steakhouse by any means but they do steak just fine. The meat was flavourful and it was cooked just right. The second time I came here, I tried game meat. That's when I learned I really don't like game meat. It has this distinct smell that's just not my thing. I had the bison and it was cooked well. The red cabbage slaw that it came with is so CRAZY GOOD that they should sell that canned so I can eat it every day. I seriously love that slaw no joke. They also serve a great bread basket and it was placed right in front of me so I just nibbled away until the basket of carbs disappeared. I also recommend trying one of their German beers. I asked the server for a recommendation and while I can't recall the name of the brew (I blame the alcohol), it paired with the food really well. I'm looking forward to trying something new again next time!
Maybe it's because I prefer to eat vegetarian food--dining experience just....ok.  The only dish I truly enjoyed was the tofu pie. The service was quick & extremely efficient.
Super nette Atmosphäre und klasse essen. Wirklich sehr empfehlenswert. Wir kommen bald wieder
While visiting Scottsdale on business, I was circling parking lots to find something I could eat before a business meeting that meets my dietary restrictions due to food allergies, primarily wheat\/gluten and vinegar.  This can often be a challenge when looking for a quick bite.

Fortunately I ran across GrabbaGreen.  I was starving so I went for both a bowl and a juice.  I generally grab quick lunches at Whole Foods or Central Market salad bars, which can add up real quick when paying by the ounce, so I thought this meal was good value.

I went the creative route building both my bowl and drink from the extensive list of ingredients.  The biggest surprise was to see Moroccan Harissa  as a sauce option.  I love spicy things and Harissa is one of my favorite vinegar free condiments.  While my choices were brave (noodles, spinach, peppers, pistachios, feta) the bowl turned out awesome and was very filling.

The juice menu was extensive, and my chaotic choices for a customize juice blend turned out equally impressive.  The service was also fantastic.

The result, I had a great meal, and felt great afterwards with no food allergy induced food hangover.  I wish this was an option in all the cities I travel to for business.
Not happy with my recent service!! Paid a lot of money for a stressful crap mani\/pedi.  I called and made an appt for a Saturday at 4pm. Great reviews on Peter so I schedule with him.  I show up and they don't have my appt!  I should have known then to go somewhere else. They get me started on my pedicure and then all of a sudden the person I had booked the fill and gel manicure with (peter) shows up pushes himself between the two pedi chairs and starts to drill away needless to say I was covered in dust and was not even able to enjoy my pedicure.  Once he is done making a complete dust fest he gestures to me to go to his station when I am done with my pedi.  Now why couldn't he wait until I was done?  I paid for two  separate appointments yet they combined it into one!   I was not  happy with the final result of my fill and manicure because he started filing my nails after my polish was on causing me to have white on the sides and tips of my nails.  I will never go back there. 

I gave one star but it really delivered 0.
Always greeted by a friendly staff. Prices are reasonable. 2 huge slices and drink with free refills for $5.49.  Pizza is always hot and delicious. Been coming here for years.  I loved the previous owner though.
Im a pork bun bandwagoner, it really is that good. I had the momofuku ramen and friend had the winter ramen with the smoked chicken and I liked the pork one better. I thought the milk bar desserts were a little overrated but the food was delicious and very satisfying. The atmosphere is pretty trendy\/hipstery, not usually my thing it was worth it.
Yummmmm!!

We came at 8:45 because we arrived in Montreal late, but they still took us in! (They close at 9pm).

We order the neuilles jiazhiang (jiajiang men) and soupe de nouilles avec boeuf (noodle soup w\/beef).  They were both delicious but I especially liked the jiazhiang men!

The edamame with takana (a japanese pickled vegetable) were good too.

The waiter also asked me if I was Japanese and wanted to practice his Japanese with me :)

Thumbs up for good food and friendly staff!
My husband and I went to see the secret garden. Absolutely horrible experience. Its not worth getting yelled at for sitting on the ledge, waving to the dolphins and talking to the lion to wake him up.....,if you have $40 to throw in the garbage then you should go there, as for us, it was the worse experience in las vegas   
So basically, we paid $40 to see a lion and a couple of tigers sleeping and as for the dolphins, no interaction with tourists what so ever  
The trainers there are the rudest girls i have encountered in vegas
4 or 5 stars for the food, but a couple things rubbed me the wrong way about this place.  First there was the decor.  Although I love huge wall photo-murals, I found the gigantic cow-in-a-pasture scene off-putting.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I care about animals to the extent that when I'm eating meat I don't like to think about the actual slaughter part.  So seeing the sunny cow mural when I walked in just gave me a bad image of those poor shiny happy cows being murdered.  Yes, we're eating cows, but let's have some respect.  Luckily I had already planned on having the vegetable burger.  Decor-wise I also found the servers' brown uniforms pretty heinous.

Zinburger: Since when are fries an appetizer?  Who eats a complete meal and then orders a milkshake for dessert?  The waitress was nice enough to ask if we wanted our shakes for dessert or with the food (with the food - duh!), but she failed to ask if we wanted our fries with our burgers.  The Double Truffle fries were awesome but unfortunately there weren't many left by the time the burgers came out.  

I highly recommend Clint's Almost Famous Vegetable Burger, which is more of a black bean burger and comes with cheese and a fresh tomato topping.  It was huge and had a lot of flavor.  I appreciate that Zinburger has several salads and a veggie burger for those of us trying to eat on the "lighter side" (if you don't count the fries and root beer float I couldn't turn down).  The Bananas Foster Shake was out-of-this world, as you can imagine from the name.  And the root beer float...well, how can a root beer float ever be bad?
Summerlicious visit after much debate on which restaurant to try this year and having heard about the place from a colleague. Overall my verdict is that I should trust my instincts, and regard my colleague's opinion with the same scrutiny as I regard their work - carefully and with a grain of salt. I arrived timely on a weekday evening and the place was bustling. The corner shop had all the windows and doors open for a covered patio feeling, the décor is somewhere between modern, vintage, ornate...think white-gray marble with gold accents and how that's coming back in style. My party of three sat on a white love seat with two round tables between us, and two average black plastic chairs on the other side. The setup was cozy, the music wasn't terribly loud, and the service arrived shortly.

The menu was short - seasonal I suppose? Most items were available as part of the Summerlicious menu, so it was the best deal for sure at $48. I went with the grilled octopus, Cornish hen, and chocolate cake. The open rosé had quite sweet notes which suited my palate, at $10. Plating and overall presentation of the food was great - so at least first impressions were promising.

The octopus came with a side of Caprese salad - the small portion of octopus tasted blanched then tossed on the grill, soft and fully cooked inside, but burnt on the outside. All I could taste was the charred outer - the ends were a bit crispy but the other pieces just tasted like blackened food.

The hen was well presented and not bad - crispy skin with sesame, flavourful inside, the asparagus and cauliflower purée added texture variance and made the dry parts better. The asparagus lattice had a similar texture as the octopus, which I didn't care for. The mixed grains went well with the chicken, though I'm not typically a fan.

Finally, time for dessert. Perhaps I didn't look closely enough into the menu but a sliver of mousse cake with a rice cracker base was presented. On the sweet side, but went nicely with my wine. There was a spoon of sorbet? Ice cream? It had an icy texture but appeared creamy, and melted rapidly. Either way, it went well with the cake, but everything melted quickly.

Overall, the service was timely and attentive and I had no major complaints - except our waiter never mentioned his name. Fortunately he was always only a step away so that compensated most of the time. The food didn't meet my expectations but matched to the average Yelp rating - I guess I should've known! The atmosphere would be great for a casual glass of wine and a chat, it didn't make for eating as much as I would've liked and the bartender was rowdier than I expected. At one point, odd smells came from somewhere, and the open concept brought in all the flies trying to sip my wine. Given the price point, I probably won't be back.
I'll be honest I wasn't a huge fan. It was okay but I will drive a little further for better Thai food. The spice level wasn't on point and it basically tasted kind of like Americanized Chinese food. Don't get me wrong it was not disgusting or bad food it just seemed catered to American customers. That probably helps them out in the long run but for me I was looking for something else entirely. I'm sure there may be a time I come back but I honestly can't even think when that would be lol. If I remember correctly we ordered spring rolls, chicken satay, tom yum soup, a "spicy" beef and green beans dish, and a "spicy" chicken dish. The beef and green beans dish was not good at all, and I would not recommend. Everything else was just average.
I love Korean bbq and decided to give this place a try based on reviews and the fact that it wasn't far from my hotel. 
We had the Gangnam and we replaced the oysters with steamed egg. The steam egg was dry. The extras all come out with no explanation of what was what same with the sauce. When the meat came out there was again no explanation of what meat was what. Our server stopped by once just as we were finishing to drop off our bill and turned the burner on high rather than off... luckily another server noticed within a minute or two. 
Will not be going back! If you're looking for a good Korean BBQ place go to Hobak, it's worth the drive
This was a great idea for a fun wedding activity and doubled as a favor! All of the props they had were so fun, and the guy running the booth was extra helpful and very nice!
You will literally hear everything thru the walls. We've had to make multiple complaints about our upstairs neighbor an nothing ever happens. The dryer takes an hour and half to dry a small load and the maintenence staff hasn't done anything to help besides move it away from the wall. The apartments have cheap carpet in them.  The property is over crowded. They have a huge dumpster that almost causes accidents everyday. Would not recommend. Cops are here at least once a week.
Not a bad course but too many blind tee shots that makes it very confusing. Depth perception is very decieving and unfair sometimes. The greens are almost impossible to read and look small from the fairways but are huge when on them. Nice pro shop and bar. Staff were friendly enough but as for the course I would recommend Rio Secco or Pauite over this one. By the way we played the Lexington.
Wow this is the last time I don't check Yelp on a restaurant. Do not order from this place if you are in a hotel.  The delivery driver, rather than go to our room, called. I miss the call and called him back repeatedly to no avail. He took it upon himself to sell my order to someone else. Then berate me on the phone for not picking up when he called.  When I called the store they did apologized but offered no comps to offset the experience.  Based upon the other reviews of the food perhaps they did me a favor by not delivering.  Ugh. Don't use this place.
Bought a TV here not too long ago and absolutely love it! Friendly staff and was helped out by Kenny. Great deal on the TV. Thank you!!
Visiting my family and friends in Mesa and had lunch at Boa Bistro.  Nice atmosphere, lovely menu and big kuddos for focusing on natural and organic produce.  This place has the potential to become a real treasure in that community. I only gave 3 stars based on the one dish that I tasted.  Will wait for feedback from my Mesa family to provide updates.

Feedback on the lunch.  Had the  "Fall Panzanella 10
MJ Bread, Balsamic Marinated Mushrooms, Baby Lettuce, Roasted Butternut Squash, Goat Cheese".  The combination was conceptual wonderful but it lacked dressing and seasoning.   I expected pieces of roasted butternut squash but instead it was a puree that was used as a foundation for the salad.  But this is a recipe that warrants a spot on the menu.  

A nice touch was the table breads were accompanied with a tray with rich olive oil, basalmic vinegar and a serving of their pesto.  Delicous!!!.

Very attentive wait staff and well designed atmosphere.  Worth a try and a place to watch for leading the way with community restaurants and natural organic foods.
Very delicious.  A few vegan options.  Beautiful setting,  reasonably priced (for vegas),  pretty good service.  Chips and salsa were really really good.
My sister and I went here and it was great. She had the crab stack and I had the lucious fish tacos.I went back again and my husband had the fish and chips and I had the halibut special. Again just wonderful. Place is pretty and service was friendly. Plus they have valet parking!
Dee-Lee-shush.

Everything. EVERYTHING... Was so good!
We were a party of five which enables us to try various dishes and was pleased with every single dish evidenced by all clean plates, scraped to the last yummy bite.

So many people have given detailed rave reviews! Could I add any more? My only contribution at this point would be to post as many pictures as I can. Since I am of the opinion "a picture is worth a thousand words" ;)
The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly; 
Bucchanal Buffet, Cesars PaIace,  

I went to the Bucchanal Buffet yesterday as a treat from my girlfriend as a birthday gift.  We had heard that it had newly opened, and was attempting to be the best in Vegas.  

So, to start out, The Good; Great variety, and probably the most variety of any buffet in Vegas.  Asian (Chinese and Japanese), Italian, Mexican, American, Seafood, and desserts.  

The Bad;  Terrible wait.  We waited about 2 1\/2 hours.  Service was mediocre.  I had to ask for creamer for my coffee three times over ten minutes from the same server.  The food was good, not very good, not great, just good.  I tried the Chinese food, Japanese food, American food, and seafood.    The Chinese food was probably the best of what I tried.  The sushi, once again was just good.  Likely not as good as a good Japanese restaurant in any major city.  I had their snow crab legs, and they were good, but not as sweet and juicy as the ones I had a couple weeks earlier in the Bellagio buffet.  The prime rib was also good, but not as good as what I have had at the Wynn buffet.  

Now the Ugly:  Part of the reason that the wait was so horrendous was that the management lets their rewards program Diamond members stand in a separate line.  They then pretty much hold the regular buffet line at a stand still while they allow the rewards member line to go.   I am really a free market kind of guy, and think that a business can implement whatever policy they want.  BUT, it is one thing to allow their awards members a quicker line, but just to give you an idea, I would guess the average wait for the rewards member was 10 mins compared to our 150 minute wait.  

In my opinion they should have a dedicated line for their rewards members which is faster than that for non reward members, but it seems overkill for the rewards members to totally monopolize the buffet, while the non members cannot gain access.  

In conclusion, would I go back to the Bacchanal Buffet?  NO WAY at a wait over an hour let alone 2 1\/2 hours.
If you are a South Park yuppie you will love it. If not stay away. Nuff said.

Staff is rude. And they are idiots
Good food! I was visiting Las Vegas with my husband. We went to the place for shrimp. I barely eat shrimp outside, because normally the restaurants don't peel the shrimp shit out......I know the shit is a line on the shrimp back.....when I order their shrimp,surprised me, they cleaned them so well. I was happy about this point! The food is really tasty, the service was good! I would like to recommend this place to my friend;)
So glad North Olmsted has another breakfast option.  I've been to Canary's twice now and both times the food has been pretty good.  I wouldn't say excellent, but it's good.  Prices are super cheap, so I can handle OK food as long as it's cheap.  The menu is HUGE and personally, I don't care for menu's with a million things.  I have a hard time deciding between 5 things, I don't need 500.  I guess if your someone who likes tons of options, then this is great, but if not then beware!  I ended up ordering way more then I could eat, eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns, toast and pancakes, like I said the menu is huge and I just couldn't decide or find 1 meal that had some of what I wanted. You will more then likely spend 15 minutes reading and deciding, just on your breakfast.  First visit service was excellent (evening) second visit took forever.  We waited about 40 minutes for our breakfast. I understand morning is breakfast time and their going to be busy, but isn't speedy service part of the business? I just can't wait that long for eggs! Overall, I like Canary's, but I wouldn't go back early morning for breakfast, just not worth the wait.  I probably could have cooked, ate and cleaned up my own kitchen in the time it took them to make it.
Cab company thats tech savy is great! Go online to get a cab to pick you up is convenient. 

If you look at their website thry have their rates  so you kniw what to expect. Thry provide different vechile types as well. Need a standard  cab no biggie, need a executuve look to take you around? Not a problem. With the vaeity this Scottsdale cab provides you're garenteed a swift and easy ride.
What can I say.. Excellent customer service.  The food was  delicious.  It was so worth the money.  Authentic Mexican food.  I haven't had any Mexican  food that tastes like this in years! I highly recommend visiting this place
It's quiet, green, smooth and quick. But it doesn't really go anywhere you'd want to be unless you work for RBS or the Scottish Government. Will revise my opinion when it reaches Leith, or even better, the Southside.
I will admit that I only shop at Old Navy around the Christmas holiday.  The reason why is because the prices are amazing on there staff are very helpful around that time of year. The two things that I always buy at Old Navy are coats, jeans and sometimes I will buy a shirt or two if it is a good price.    

Thank you Old Navy for always having great deals around the Christmas Holiday,
Came here with a whole bunch of girls on a Wednesday night due to their half-priced wine situation.  Actually, we meant to go to Shady Grove but it was PACKED, so upstairs we trekked to Walnut Grill.

It's dim up there, and has a more formal vibe than shady grove.  The half-priced wine was pretty good, we tried several of the bottles and they were all perfectly decent.  I loved their spinach and artichoke dip, scraping the bottom of the ramekin as best I could to get all the tasty bits.  Our server, who was very friendly and cheerful despite having to deal with such a huge group, recommended the California Pretzel Club.  I have to say, it was pretty good.  Dense, and filling, but I enjoyed it.  The avocado spread was a nice touch.  I couldn't finish it, though I made a good effort on the fries, but my boyfriend polished it off later. 

As the evening progressed, they turned the music up - WAY up - I'd say by 9 pm we had to shout to hear each other.  That wasn't very cool - it's Wednesday and you're serving dinner.  People are here to have conversation, it's not a dance club.  Sorry, but I'm old and crochety (at age 26) and I like to hear what my dinner companions are saying.

The entrees looked pricey, but apps and sandwiches are reasonable.  I'd come back for more half-priced wine and a snack sometime.
